1	Google	Software Engineer	San Francisco, CA, United States	description-section:  Responsibilities   Design, develop, test, deploy, maintain and improve software.Manage individual project priorities, deadlines and deliverables.   Qualifications  Minimum qualifications: BS degree in Computer Science, similar technical field of study or equivalent practical experience. Software development experience in one or more general purpose programming languages. Experience working with two or more from the following: web application development, Unix/Linux environments, mobile application development, distributed and parallel systems, machine learning, information retrieval, natural language processing, networking, developing large software systems, and/or security software development. Working proficiency and communication skills in verbal and written English. Preferred qualifications:Master’s, PhD degree, further education or experience in engineering, computer science or other technical related field.Experience with one or more general purpose programming languages including but not limited to: Java, C/C++, C#, Objective C, Python, JavaScript, or Go.Experience developing accessible technologies.Interest and ability to learn other coding languages as needed.;description-section text:  In school or graduated within last 6 months? We encourage you to apply to openings on the Students Job Site.Note: By applying to this position your application is automatically submitted to the following locations: San Francisco, CA, USA; Mountain View, CA, USA;description-section text with-benefits: Google aspires to be an organization that reflects the globally diverse audience that our products and technology serve. We believe that in addition to hiring the best talent, a diversity of perspectives, ideas and cultures leads to the creation of better products and services.Google's software engineers develop the next-generation technologies that change how billions of users connect, explore, and interact with information and one another. Our products need to handle information at massive scale, and extend well beyond web search. We're looking for engineers who bring fresh ideas from all areas, including information retrieval, distributed computing, large-scale system design, networking and data storage, security, artificial intelligence, natural language processing, UI design and mobile; the list goes on and is growing every day. As a software engineer, you will work on a specific project critical to Google’s needs with opportunities to switch teams and projects as you and our fast-paced business grow and evolve. We need our engineers to be versatile, display leadership qualities and be enthusiastic to take on new problems across the full-stack as we continue to push technology forward. Google is and always will be an engineering company. We hire people with a broad set of technical skills who are ready to take on some of technology's greatest challenges and make an impact on millions, if not billions, of users. At Google, engineers not only revolutionize search, they routinely work on massive scalability and storage solutions, large-scale applications and entirely new platforms for developers around the world. From AdWords to Chrome, Android to YouTube, Social to Local, Google engineers are changing the world one technological achievement after another.
2	Google	Account Executive, Financial Services Vertical	Montréal, QC, Canada	description-section:  Responsibilities   Work collaboratively with a team to drive growth with new and existing customers. Develop high-level relationships to serve as a trusted consultant with major customers to optimize their advertising. Generate business plans to define strategies and tactics. Understand and adapt to Google's ongoing product and technology developments. Manage multiple cross-product opportunities and projects.   Qualifications  Minimum qualifications: BA/BS degree or equivalent practical experience 10 years of experience in advertising sales, digital marketing, consulting, or media. Ability to speak and write in English and French fluently and idiomatically. Preferred qualifications: Demonstrable media experience in business development, client relationships and consultation. Experience working cross-functionally in a large organization. Knowledge of, and established relationships within, the advertising industry and Finance industry vertical. Knowledge of online ads, especially for search and display ads and campaign performance management. Excellent customer service, communication, presentation and creative problem-solving skills. ;description-section text: Note: By applying to this position your application is automatically submitted to the following locations: Montreal, QC, Canada; Toronto, ON, Canada;description-section text with-benefits: Businesses that partner with Google come in all shapes, sizes and market caps, and no one Google advertising solution works for all. Your knowledge of online media combined with your communication skills and analytical abilities shapes how new and existing business grow. Using your influencing and relationship-building skills, you provide Google-caliber client service, research and market analysis. You anticipate how decisions are made, persistently explore and uncover the business needs of Google's key clients and understand how our range of product offerings can grow their business. Working with them, you set the vision and the strategy for how their advertising can reach thousands of users. As a Google Account Executive, you'll help to provide integrated, cross-platform advertising solutions. Your primary responsibility as an Account Executive is to drive and grow new business with Google’s advertisers. You'll manage business relationships to ensure that the clients' needs and requirements are met. This will require you to serve as their advocate within Google while collaborating with other Google teams to provide them with a comprehensive portfolio of solutions and options. This is a client-facing sales role, and you will have deep industry expertise, proven sales ability and a broad base of industry contacts. Our Large Customer Sales teams partner closely with many of the world’s biggest advertisers and agencies to develop digital solutions that build strong businesses and brands. We enjoy a bird’s eye view on the massive transformation occurring as advertising shifts to mobile and online platforms. We're uniquely situated to help shape how companies grow their businesses in the digital age. We advise clients on Google's broad range of products across search, video and mobile to help them connect instantly and seamlessly with their audiences.
3	Google	Account Manager, Mobile App Sales	Gurugram, India	description-section:  Responsibilities  Deliver consistently against assigned quotas.Identify and pursue opportunities in your book of business, prioritize accounts, handle objections and evaluate campaign effectiveness.Prospect and cultivate the app install business.Provide outstanding service to clients and troubleshoot advertiser issues.Contribute to the development of Google’s comprehensive suite of app install ad products.  Qualifications  Minimum qualifications:Bachelor's degree or equivalent practical experience.3 years of sales/account management experience.Preferred qualifications:Strong understanding of the app developer and agency ecosystem.Proven record of successful client engagement and consistent business growth.Track record of exceeding goals.Extremely proactive, organized and responsible. Proven ability to work well within a team.Demonstrated self-starter who thrives in a team environment.Strong communication skills and the ability to pitch strategy/vision to C-level executives, and pitch tactical execution to account teams.;description-section text: Note: By applying to this position your application is automatically submitted to the following locations: Montreal, QC, Canada; Toronto, ON, Canada;description-section text with-benefits: Businesses that partner with Google come in all shapes, sizes and market caps, and no one Google advertising solution works for all. Your knowledge of online media combined with your communication skills and analytical abilities shapes how new and existing business grow. Using your influencing and relationship-building skills, you provide Google-caliber client service, research and market analysis. You anticipate how decisions are made, persistently explore and uncover the business needs of Google's key clients and understand how our range of product offerings can grow their business. Working with them, you set the vision and the strategy for how their advertising can reach thousands of users.In this role, you will focus on developing mobile app agency ecosystem and helping hybrid advertisers (web+app and/or web first-new to app) expand their app business by partnering with cross-functional agencies and account management teams. You will drive mobile app thought leadership and enable advertisers/agencies who are new to app advertising to build their mobile app measurement and advertising capabilities with Google. Your ability to manage complexity in the most efficient way, multiple stakeholders and ability to influence without authority to drive transformative innovation with advertisers and agency is essential to be successful in this role. The Mobile App Sales team has big ambitions and global reach. You will engage deeply with sophisticated mobile-first businesses, exceed growth goals, and drive change to accelerate Google’s position in the fast-growing and strategic business of app install.As an App Developer (App Dev) Account Manager, you will be part of a team dedicated to helping mobile application developers grow their business using Google products and services. You will take ownership of app install business in your assigned market, setting strategy and driving execution to reach the market growth goals. You will work dynamically with both new and existing customers to help grow their business by providing solutions and insights to drive app discovery and engagement. In this position, you will proactively reach out to both new and existing clients with solutions and insights - from account optimizations, to product betas, to strategic performance reviews.You are a self-driven, enthusiastic and passionate individual with excellent communication skills and a proven track record in business. You have an analytical approach in business and are able to work in complex environments. Effective teamwork and excellent multi-tasking skill are critical for your success in this role.When our millions of advertisers and publishers are happy, so are we! Our team of entrepreneurial, enthusiastic and client-focused team members are the "human face" of Google, helping entrepreneurs both individually and broadly build their online presence and grow their businesses. We are dedicated to growing the unique needs of small- and medium-sized businesses. Our teams of strategists, analysts, advisers and support specialists collaborate closely to spot and analyze customer needs and trends. Together, we create and implement business plans broadly for every type of small business.
4	Google	Account Manager, Branding	Tokyo, Japan	description-section:  Responsibilities   Provide excellent customer service to Google's advertisers. Proactively and creatively identify and solve client problems. Build strong relationships with customers and educate them on new product features. Learn and work with Google's ongoing development of advertiser products to maximize client campaign results. Optimize keyword lists and ads in order to maximize advertisers' results. Leverage all available resources including Optimization, Marketing, and Technical Support. Identify opportunities to increase advertiser performance and investment.   Qualifications  Minimum qualifications: Bachelor's degree or equivalent practical experience. 2 years of experience in sales or marketing. Ability to speak and write in English and Japanese fluently and idiomatically. Preferred qualifications: Experience in areas such as online ad sales, business-development, marketing and/or consulting sales Experience in a specific vertical industry. Excellent leadership, organization, communication, interpersonal and teamwork skills. Excellent analytical and problem-solving skills. Detailed oriented, with the ability to quickly complete a large volume of high-quality work. Ability to deliver results under pressure and show dedication to client services. ;description-section text: Note: By applying to this position your application is automatically submitted to the following locations: Montreal, QC, Canada; Toronto, ON, Canada;description-section text with-benefits: Businesses that partner with Google come in all shapes, sizes and market caps, and no one Google advertising solution works for all. Your knowledge of online media combined with your communication skills and analytical abilities shapes how new and existing business grows. You leverage your entrepreneurial drive to target, educate and persuade new customers to embrace Google's latest advertising products and technologies. Using your influencing and relationship-building skills, you provide Google-caliber client service, research and market analysis. You anticipate how decisions are made, understand the details of individual campaigns and persistently explore and uncover the business needs of key clients. Working with them, you set the vision and the strategy for how their advertising can reach thousands of users. As the Account Manager, you will develop and manage relationships directly with clients and agencies in a specific vertical industry*, which means you need to be a focused, proactive self-starter who is able to multi-task in a fast-paced environment. Additionally, you are an advisor and consultant, as well as an advocate for your clients within Google. You will use your analytical skills to grow existing business, develop and win new business, and support your team with account and market knowledge and other collateral.  *Specific Vertical Industry: Branding ( Food / Beverage / Entertainment ) Our Large Customer Sales teams partner closely with many of the world’s biggest advertisers and agencies to develop digital solutions that build strong businesses and brands. We enjoy a bird’s eye view on the massive transformation occurring as advertising shifts to mobile and online platforms. We're uniquely situated to help shape how companies grow their businesses in the digital age. We advise clients on Google's broad range of products across search, video and mobile to help them connect instantly and seamlessly with their audiences.
5	Google	Lead Structural Engineer, Consumer Hardware	Mountain View, CA, United States	description-section:  Responsibilities   Own and drive analysis of cutting edge designs, enabling early optimization prior to prototyping as well as root cause and failure analysis of difficult mechanical problems. Generate FEM/analytical models of mechanical parts, modules, and assemblies; Use Static, dynamic, structural and thermal-mechanical analysis and create and develop statistical based methods to predict field failure models. Own and drive material characterization and testing to support modeling efforts. Brainstorm and propose solutions to problems based on analysis data. Generate applicable engineering specifications and create applicable processes to assure consistent early analysis and design validation of critical issues.   Qualifications  Minimum qualifications: Master’s degree or equivalent practical experience. 8 years of industry experience with structural simulation software Experience with manufacturing processes such as injection molding, sheet metal forming and die casting, Design for Manufacturability (DFM) and Design for Assembly (DFA). Experience setting up both material lab and development process of tools. Preferred qualifications: PhD degree 15 years of experience in consumer electronics and structural simulation software. Experience using statistical analysis to solve engineering and manufacturing issues Experience in geometric tolerances and statistical tolerance analysis techniques ;description-section text: Note: By applying to this position your application is automatically submitted to the following locations: Montreal, QC, Canada; Toronto, ON, Canada;description-section text with-benefits: As a member of a fast-paced multi-disciplinary team, you use your creativity and diverse range of engineering experience to explore solutions to a variety of engineering problems. As a Lead Structural Engineer, you participate in the design, analysis, and prototyping of new concepts. You work in a manufacturing and product oriented development environment and collaborate with vendors and outside sources in order to see parts through to manufacture. You will be involved in developing products with specific intent to launch in the market. Our goal is to take products from concept to production and into millions of consumer’s hands, delivering amazing user experiences in a holistic way (software and hardware seamlessly integrated). We are passionate about the design process, practice continual conceptual development and obsess over refining the smallest of details with precision. We believe that great isn't good enough and you should too. Google's mission is to organize the world's information and make it universally accessible and useful. Our Hardware team researches, designs, and develops new technologies and hardware to make our user's interaction with computing faster, more powerful, and seamless. Whether finding new ways to capture and sense the world around us, advancing form factors, or improving interaction methods, our Hardware team is making people's lives better through technology.
6	Nest	Hardware Engineering Internship - 2018 Summer Nestling Program	Palo Alto, CA, United States	description-section:  Responsibilities   Own and drive analysis of cutting edge designs, enabling early optimization prior to prototyping as well as root cause and failure analysis of difficult mechanical problems. Generate FEM/analytical models of mechanical parts, modules, and assemblies; Use Static, dynamic, structural and thermal-mechanical analysis and create and develop statistical based methods to predict field failure models. Own and drive material characterization and testing to support modeling efforts. Brainstorm and propose solutions to problems based on analysis data. Generate applicable engineering specifications and create applicable processes to assure consistent early analysis and design validation of critical issues.   Qualifications  Minimum qualifications: Master’s degree or equivalent practical experience. 8 years of industry experience with structural simulation software Experience with manufacturing processes such as injection molding, sheet metal forming and die casting, Design for Manufacturability (DFM) and Design for Assembly (DFA). Experience setting up both material lab and development process of tools. Preferred qualifications: PhD degree 15 years of experience in consumer electronics and structural simulation software. Experience using statistical analysis to solve engineering and manufacturing issues Experience in geometric tolerances and statistical tolerance analysis techniques ;description-section text: Note: By applying to this position your application is automatically submitted to the following locations: Montreal, QC, Canada; Toronto, ON, Canada;description-section text with-benefits:  This is not your average internship program. Interns at Nest are treated like full-time members of the team and given the opportunity to work on real products and projects. Join Nest and you’ll learn how to design, develop, and ship great products!The Nest Hardware team is responsible for everything inside our high-volume, low-power, high-quality consumer electronic products. Starting at concept creation, our team architects, designs, develops, validates and continues to support the product through end of life. The small teams require each member to have a significant impact on the final product, and our interns are no exception. Past interns were critical to successfully bringing our products to market, and we want our future interns to leave the same footprint.Hardware Design Engineering: Our hardware design engineers are an integral part of the entire process, especially involved in the system design, factory bring up, and test/validation cycles of the project. Depending on where we are in the development cycle, you will have the opportunity to design and build Nest’s future products by owning architecture selection, electrical design and validation. You will also bring your design to mass production by setting factory test requirements, assisting in software bring up, and possibly traveling on-site to the manufacturer to ensure the design is built and tested successfully.RF Engineering: Our RF team is responsible for designing, implementing, and integrating best-in-class wireless subsystems for the wide variety of next generation Nest products. The work could include optimizing and debugging wireless performance from prototype to mass production, creating and driving wireless test plans for mass production to ensure the most consistent, highest performing products, or overseeing RF PCB design.Sensor Design Engineering: Our sensors team designs end to end sensing technologies, including sensor, electronics, firmware and algorithms. Depending on where we are in the development cycle, you will have the opportunity to design, prototype, debug, and validate sensor designs in preparation for high-volume production. You may also work with the team to specify factory test systems and collaborate with test engineers on their implementation. The work:  Perform specific responsibilities which vary by team and project  Minimum qualifications:  Currently pursuing a Bachelor’s, Master’s, or Ph.D. in Electrical Engineering, Computer Engineering, or related technical field  Preferred qualifications:  Strong electrical engineering fundamentals  Strong digital and analog design skills, underlying strength in math and physics  Hands-on lab experience (soldering, oscilloscopes, data acquisition)  Prototyping bringup / hobbyists / robotics experience a plus 
7	Google	Sales Specialist, Shopping	Chicago, IL, United States	description-section:  Responsibilities   Become an expert in Shopping for Google products and the ecosystem. Feed and campaign best practices, provided product roadmaps and provide expertise on third-party platforms. Manage Shopping business growth. Lead, drive and scale product launches (e.g. LIA, Showcase, POG, etc). Provide quarterly priority activations as set by Shopping sales leadership. Continuously educate customers and clients with products and best-practices.   Qualifications  Minimum qualifications: BA/BS degree or equivalent practical experience. 4 years of experience working in digital marketing/sales. Preferred qualifications: Understanding of industry metrics and KPIs, and features and benefits of Google Shopping products. Ability to provide thought leadership and effectively lead discussions at C-Level/Director Level. Ability to deliver insights/out of sights from data that creates business value and drive client action. Proficiency using shopping related tools and resources to manage Shopping activation. Effective communication, business planning, consulting skills and sales driven motivation. ;description-section text: Note: By applying to this position your application is automatically submitted to the following locations: New York, NY, USA; Chicago, IL, USA; Mountain View, CA, USA;description-section text with-benefits: Businesses that partner with Google come in all shapes, sizes and market caps, and no one Google advertising solution works for all. Your knowledge of online media combined with your communication skills and analytical abilities shapes how new and existing business grow. Using your influencing and relationship-building skills, you provide Google-caliber client service, research and market analysis. You anticipate how decisions are made, persistently explore and uncover the business needs of Google's key clients and understand how our range of product offerings can grow their business. Working with them, you set the vision and the strategy for how their advertising can reach thousands of users. As a Sales Specialist, you will manage Shopping account business growth by partnering with the pods and collaborating directly with clients to provide strategy, guidance, consultation, and support for Shopping campaigns, presentations and sales activation.Our Large Customer Sales teams partner closely with many of the world’s biggest advertisers and agencies to develop digital solutions that build strong businesses and brands. We enjoy a bird’s eye view on the massive transformation occurring as advertising shifts to mobile and online platforms. We're uniquely situated to help shape how companies grow their businesses in the digital age. We advise clients on Google's broad range of products across search, video and mobile to help them connect instantly and seamlessly with their audiences.
8	Nest	Web Application Engineer	Kirkland, WA, United States	description-section:  Responsibilities   Become an expert in Shopping for Google products and the ecosystem. Feed and campaign best practices, provided product roadmaps and provide expertise on third-party platforms. Manage Shopping business growth. Lead, drive and scale product launches (e.g. LIA, Showcase, POG, etc). Provide quarterly priority activations as set by Shopping sales leadership. Continuously educate customers and clients with products and best-practices.   Qualifications  Minimum qualifications: BA/BS degree or equivalent practical experience. 4 years of experience working in digital marketing/sales. Preferred qualifications: Understanding of industry metrics and KPIs, and features and benefits of Google Shopping products. Ability to provide thought leadership and effectively lead discussions at C-Level/Director Level. Ability to deliver insights/out of sights from data that creates business value and drive client action. Proficiency using shopping related tools and resources to manage Shopping activation. Effective communication, business planning, consulting skills and sales driven motivation. ;description-section text: Note: By applying to this position your application is automatically submitted to the following locations: New York, NY, USA; Chicago, IL, USA; Mountain View, CA, USA;description-section text with-benefits:  The Web Applications team is looking for a motivated engineer willing to work on tough problems. We build and maintain a large React / Redux based front-end with a truly global user base. You'd be joining an experienced and diverse team of folks working on new products and truly exciting frontiers - pushing the boundaries of new technology and Web APIs. Much of what we work on has never been tried before and pushes the web to new heights. You can easily find yourself researching technical problems most web engineers would never have to consider - such reducing latency on a custom built HTML5 video player, or efficiently rendering thousands of stars accurately in the night sky. Taking on such tasks will lead you to working cross functionally with many people including the Nest hardware, Design, and Google Chrome teams. Our aggressive browser support matrix and ambitious hardware integrations/support goals put Nest's Web App team in a truly unique and exciting place.  The work:  Designing and implementing the best web application possible alongside some truly top-tier engineers (and just great people to be around)  Investigating new web technologies and evaluating how they could benefit Nest's product line and user experience - always looking for a way to deliver more Nest magic  Participating in fun team activities such as lunches and informal discussions  Working cross-functionally to ship the best features/products possible across dozens of countries and locales  Minimum qualifications:  5+ years relevant experience  Preferred qualifications:  5+ years experience on Web Applications  Deep understanding of modern Javascript (ES6+), CSS, HTML, and web application design  Familiarity with modern frameworks and Web APIs  Experience with Agile development process  Strong attention to detail - from design through code to testing  Comfort with ambiguity, rapid release cycles, and tight schedules  Demonstrated expertise in problem-solving and technical innovation 
9	Google	Program Manager, Global Revenue Acceleration	Mountain View, CA, United States	description-section:  Responsibilities   Launch Recommended Opportunities Program for Google’s Platform Sales business. Manage processes leading to timely launch of leads for sales teams each quarter. Identify, design and execute initiatives towards the improvement of the Recommended Opportunities Program. Exercise strong stakeholder management, coordinate and communicate with partners across Product, Sales and Engineering, balancing needs of different teams and articulating direction for cross functional teams.   Qualifications  Minimum qualifications: BA/BS degree in engineering, operations, business administration, or equivalent practical experience 5 years of relevant work experience in consulting or cross-functional program management Experience with principles of project management Knowledge of SQL and/or similar analytical tools  Preferred qualifications: Experience with online advertising products/business. Familiarity with Google’s Platform Sales business Experience working with technical teams Excellent problem-solving and analytical skills, with strong attention to details Excellent written and oral communication skills ;description-section text: Note: By applying to this position your application is automatically submitted to the following locations: New York, NY, USA; Chicago, IL, USA; Mountain View, CA, USA;description-section text with-benefits: The Business Strategy & Operations organization provides business critical insights using analytics, ensures cross functional alignment of goals and execution, and helps teams drive strategic partnerships and new initiatives forward. We stay focused on aligning the highest-level company priorities with strong day-to-day operations, and help evolve early stage ideas into future-growth initiatives. The Revenue Acceleration team within the Global Business Organization (GBO) is a global operations team that aligns company revenue priorities with strong automation and analytics to deliver revenue opportunities to our sellers and customers. Specifically, we are responsible for the strategy, systems, analytics and overall operations of Recommended Opportunities program which provides valuable leads to our frontline Sales teams. This program drives growth of Google’s Ads business and positively impacts the day-to-day operations of sales teams across the globe.  Our team is growing as we expand our program to cover Platforms Sales in addition to the LCS Organization. This provides an excellent ‘ground floor’ opportunity for you to step in and demonstrate leadership in setting up a new program besides working on improving the established one.  As a Program Manager on the Global Revenue Acceleration team, you will be responsible for the overall operations of the Recommended Opportunities program - timely and successful launch of leads for sales (Ads and Platforms) driving measurable revenue impact. In addition you will be responsible for designing and improve existing processes, managing cross-functional stakeholders such as Regional and Local GtM Leads and Sales Specialists, and creating communication materials to functional stakeholders, sales teams and executives. You will work closely with Product, Engineering, and Sales teams globally to address user feedback and identify continuous improvement needs. Your role will require strong cross-functional program management skills, thoughtful vision, and teamwork across your own team and your global stakeholders. Your ability to do so successfully will drive your impact on Google’s Ads business.The Go-to-Market Operations (GtM) team ensures Google's complex and ever-evolving Ads business runs smoothly. We are instrumental in setting go-to-market strategy, and ensuring flawless execution and operations against the strategy. We have teams embedded in each of the major Ads business areas as well as global teams that work across the business areas. Team members are analytical and strategic, with a pragmatic sense of how to get things done.
10	Google	Sales Specialist, Shopping	Mountain View, CA, United States	description-section:  Responsibilities   Become an expert in Shopping for Google products and the ecosystem. Feed and campaign best practices, provided product roadmaps and provide expertise on third-party platforms. Manage Shopping business growth. Lead, drive and scale product launches (e.g. LIA, Showcase, POG, etc). Provide quarterly priority activations as set by Shopping sales leadership. Continuously educate customers and clients with products and best-practices.   Qualifications  Minimum qualifications: BA/BS degree or equivalent practical experience. 4 years of experience working in digital marketing/sales. Preferred qualifications: Understanding of industry metrics and KPIs, and features and benefits of Google Shopping products. Ability to provide thought leadership and effectively lead discussions at C-Level/Director Level. Ability to deliver insights/out of sights from data that creates business value and drive client action. Proficiency using shopping related tools and resources to manage Shopping activation. Effective communication, business planning, consulting skills and sales driven motivation. ;description-section text: Note: By applying to this position your application is automatically submitted to the following locations: New York, NY, USA; Chicago, IL, USA; Mountain View, CA, USA;description-section text with-benefits: Businesses that partner with Google come in all shapes, sizes and market caps, and no one Google advertising solution works for all. Your knowledge of online media combined with your communication skills and analytical abilities shapes how new and existing business grow. Using your influencing and relationship-building skills, you provide Google-caliber client service, research and market analysis. You anticipate how decisions are made, persistently explore and uncover the business needs of Google's key clients and understand how our range of product offerings can grow their business. Working with them, you set the vision and the strategy for how their advertising can reach thousands of users. As a Sales Specialist, you will manage Shopping account business growth by partnering with the pods and collaborating directly with clients to provide strategy, guidance, consultation, and support for Shopping campaigns, presentations and sales activation.Our Large Customer Sales teams partner closely with many of the world’s biggest advertisers and agencies to develop digital solutions that build strong businesses and brands. We enjoy a bird’s eye view on the massive transformation occurring as advertising shifts to mobile and online platforms. We're uniquely situated to help shape how companies grow their businesses in the digital age. We advise clients on Google's broad range of products across search, video and mobile to help them connect instantly and seamlessly with their audiences.
11	Google	Director, SEC Reporting	Mountain View, CA, United States	description-section:  Responsibilities   Establish a long-term vision for the SEC reporting team, develop priorities, allocate resource and execute to deliver on the vision. Oversee preparation of SEC filings (Form 10-K, 10-Q, 11-K, 8-K, Proxy, XBRL tagging, other filings). Be responsible for the supervision/coordination of information-gathering activities to ensure required schedules are obtained from other departments and diligence reviews to ensure the accuracy/integrity of information. Be responsible for effective communication and coordination with critical stakeholders (investor relations, legal, CFO, etc.) Manage internal and external reviews of all financial statements (subject matter experts, legal, senior management, disclosure committee, auditors). Drive six sigma process operational effectiveness and efficiency in the SEC filing process, including automation of process. Be a thought leader - partner with investor relations, accounting, other finance teams, legal and business partners on future change in the business, industry or regulation with potential financial reporting impact, and proactively manage change throughout the organization and senior leadership in advance of deadlines. Engage with external parties (SEC, FASB, industry groups) in standard setting and initiatives impacting Alphabet. Ensure appropriate controls over financial reporting are appropriately designed and operating. Work with team members to develop specific behaviors, skills or knowledge needed to ensure sustained performance and to prepare for success in new responsibilities.   Qualifications  Minimum qualifications: BA/BS degree or equivalent practical experience. 15 years of relevant experience. Six sigma process experience. Preferred qualifications: 20 years of relevant experience. Experience with presenting to C-Suite leadership teams. Highly collaborative with the ability to effectively manage multiple, complex, cross-functional projects simultaneously. Excellent decision-making, problem-solving and analytical skills. Strategic thinker that can come with point of view and initiate needed action. Excellent communication, planning and leadership skills. ;description-section text: Note: By applying to this position your application is automatically submitted to the following locations: New York, NY, USA; Chicago, IL, USA; Mountain View, CA, USA;description-section text with-benefits: As Google drives toward audacious goals, we rely on our SEC Reporting and Technical Accounting team to know exactly what that growth looks like. Each month, quarter and year end, the team prepares the release of Google's financial statements to the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC) and the public. Through your relationships with various internal sources, you efficiently gather financial information and oversee the process of preparing, reviewing, submitting and distributing the financial reports. But this role calls for more than just knowing the books -- you also provide equity and treasury research and analysis and review necessary statutory reports. You give expert advice to senior management on U.S. GAAP and SEC filings, and work closely with the Investor Relations team on sales and earnings press releases and reports that reach securities analysts, investors and industry groups globally. You will be responsible for all aspects of the external reporting, including establishing a vision for external reporting and leading the organization in execution. You will lead and develop a team, stakeholders and processes in the end-to-end delivery of complex, accurate and timely financial and/or regulatory reporting. You will also own the prioritization, preparation and review of complex regulatory reports, as well as analyze and address new and proposed changes to regulatory reporting requirements to determine the impact to Alphabet. The name Google came from "googol," a mathematical term for the number 1 followed by 100 zeros. And nobody at Google loves big numbers like the Finance team when providing in depth analysis on all manner of strategic decisions across Google products. From developing forward-thinking analysis to generating management reports to scaling our automated financial processes, the Finance organization is an important partner and advisor to the business.
12	Google	Strategic Negotiator, Global Network Acquisition (APAC)	Shanghai, China	description-section:  Responsibilities   Collaborate with internal business and networking technical teams to identify and define strategic initiatives necessary to meet Google's ongoing infrastructure needs. Build and drive strategic relationships with vendors, identify unique opportunities for partnership or expansion in the technical infrastructure space and determine specific solutions that meet commercial, technical and timing requirements. Identify and develop strategic agreements with vendors/partners providing transport network, IP transit, dark fiber and colocation services in given markets. Build and drive Google’s strategy for technical infrastructure builds in given territories/market(s). Lead partnerships in tandem with Google's legal team. Communicate progress internally and collaborate with network deployment and other technical teams.   Qualifications  Minimum qualifications: BA/BS degree or relevant practical experience. 4 years of experience in networking technologies across the OSI (Open Systems Interconnect) model. Experience with strategic negotiations and/or business development obtaining services from high-technology providers in colocation data centers, internet transit, network transport, telecom services. Ability to speak and write in English and Mandarin fluently and idiomatically. Ability to travel up to 20% of the time. Preferred qualifications: BA/BS degree in Technology, Science or Engineering. 8 years of relevant work experience, including experience with contract development and vendor management across many vendors simultaneously in technology related domains. Deep understanding of domestic and global carrier networks. Excellent analytical and problem-solving skills. Ability to connect with senior level industry executives to develop strategic relationships/initiatives. Well versed with contractual framework and ability to negotiate complex agreements with vendors/partners/suppliers; Ability to travel up to 35% of the time if needed. ;description-section text: For immediate consideration, please send a text (ASCII), HTML, PDF or DOC version of your resume in English to jobs@google.com. Important: The subject field of your email must include Strategic Negotiator, Global Network Acquisition (APAC) - Beijing or Shanghai.Note: By applying to this position your application is automatically submitted to the following locations: Shanghai, China; Beijing, China;description-section text with-benefits: As Google's products and services grow to serve our billions of users, the Strategic Negotiation team works behind the scenes to secure infrastructure for Google's future. It's a big job that involves everything from operating underwater cables to finding data center space. In this role you combine your deep market knowledge with tech industry savvy to find solutions that support Google's growth. You'll work with specific teams to oversee vendor and partner relationships. Your successful management skills have the potential to impact every part of the business and save Google millions of dollars in operating costs. You'll ensure that we receive contract compliance on our third-party agreements, while identifying the most cost-effective solutions for our needs. You'll take lead on special projects, manage vendors and present your recommendations to Google leadership. Behind everything our users see online is the architecture built by the Technical Infrastructure team to keep it running. From developing and maintaining our data centers to building the next generation of Google platforms, we make Google's product portfolio possible. We're proud to be our engineers' engineers and love voiding warranties by taking things apart so we can rebuild them. We're always on call to keep our networks up and running, ensuring our users have the best and fastest experience possible.
13	Google	AdWords Campaign Solution Specialist, Google Professional Services	Boulder, CO, United States	description-section:  Responsibilities   Act as an expert for Google’s advertiser products working with internal stakeholders and clients to realize business goals in the market and to identify new business opportunities. Engage with cross-functional partners globally to manage projects, resolve issues and drive business and operations forward. Prioritize and deliver outstanding customer service through your own efforts and through working with vendors and internal partners to drive internal operations to meet efficiency, speed and CSAT goals. Understand requirements and communicate complex information and solutions relating to applying ad products and technologies. Lead and motivate others around you, being mindful of global inclusivity.   Qualifications  Minimum qualifications: BA/BS degree or equivalent practical experience. 4 years of work experience in operations, customer experience or consulting in a relevant industry. Experience managing multiple global projects simultaneously. Preferred qualifications: MBA or MS degree. 4 years of experience in digital ad operations or experience in the online advertising industry. Experience with the ad serving industry and internet technologies. Experience with SQL databases and dashboard creation or experience with one object-oriented programming language (e.g., Java, Python, etc.). Experience working with vendors and global teams. Proven communication, creative problem-solving and strong analytical skills on complex topics. ;description-section text: Note: By applying to this position your application is automatically submitted to the following locations: New York, NY, USA; Boulder, CO, USA;description-section text with-benefits: Google Technical Services: Professional Services (gPS) is a team of solution-oriented trusted advisors supporting millions of users worldwide. Our consultative services take our deep technical and product expertise and combine it with our powerful understanding of our customer’s needs and goals to solve their biggest business challenges allowing them to grow and get the most out of Google solutions. Behind every advertising campaign at Google are systems to make it run. Behind those systems are Googlers who advise and partner with our users and customers. As an Advertiser Solutions Consultant you will support vendors, sales, and our customers with your AdWords implementation and scaled operations expertise. Your stakeholders will look to your expertise on product configuration and business processes, combining your deep understanding of Google Ads products with industry best practices and operations.Google Technical Services is a global support and operations team, with a mission to delight our customers with care so good, it’s got to be Google. Our team is the face of Google to most of our customers, and we want their Google support experience to set new standards, just like Google’s products do. Our team cares for customers by solving problems and scaling solutions, incubating new Google products, and sharing user feedback with internal teams to influence product development. We support a wide variety of products, from Ads to Project Fi and just about everything in between, and our customers include advertisers, consumers, partners, publishers, retailers, and our own Sales Googlers.
14	Google	Display Product Specialist, PSS SPLatAm	Mexico City, Mexico	description-section:  Responsibilities   Manage a book of business as a full-time Display partner, working across the entire Display cycle -- plan, pitch (together with in-country teams), implement and optimize. Deep-dive into the clients' business objectives and challenges to accurately assess needs, working together to create plans for short and long-term account growth. Be a Display advocate for clients, your team and your vertical to drive business growth through best practice sharing and a future focus. Escalate any issues you or the customers face with our products, processes, or tools. Manage projects across multiple stakeholders, including vertical leadership, product teams and partner support teams. Implement campaign solutions by building campaigns for our customers, monitoring and optimizing for performance to meet customer marketing objectives. Drive conversations on measurement and attribution (along with the Measurement and Attribution specialist) of Display media. Implement campaign solutions by building campaigns for our customers, monitoring and optimizing for performance to meet customer marketing objectives. Develop and apply knowledge of market and industry in solutions offered and an understanding of products and tools. Gather and analyze data at an account, campaign and industry level. Manage day-to-day stakeholders and operations with limited guidance.   Qualifications  Minimum qualifications: BA/BS degree or equivalent practical experience. 2 years of experience with Google Display Network. Experience with pitching digital solutions to clients or direct sales experience.  Preferred qualifications: 3 years of experience in managing digital marketing campaigns or in analytical projects with customer impact. Experience managing digital advertising campaigns for large, complex clients with proficiency in online measurement, operations and ad networks, as well as the ability to roll up your sleeves to implement and optimize Display campaigns. High degree of proactivity and ownership of accounts, deliverables and KPIs and possess a self-driven attitude. Passion to create and share best practice solutions to inculcate a culture of learning by sharing. Ability to think strategically and analyze the needs of clients. Comfort in dealing with ambiguity and complexity. Demonstrated success on projects; ability to independently lead, communicate and collaborate with multiple stakeholders and work effectively with global teams. Effective communication and presentation skills with the ability to influence stakeholders. ;description-section text: Note: By applying to this position your application is automatically submitted to the following locations: New York, NY, USA; Boulder, CO, USA;description-section text with-benefits: Businesses that partner with Google come in all shapes, sizes and market caps, and no one Google advertising solution works for all. Your knowledge of online media combined with your communication skills and analytical abilities shapes how new and existing business grow. Using your influencing and relationship-building skills, you provide Google-caliber client service, research and market analysis. You anticipate how decisions are made, persistently explore and uncover the business needs of Google's key clients and understand how our range of product offerings can grow their business. Working with them, you set the vision and the strategy for how their advertising can reach thousands of users. Our skilled team members empower large clients to advertise online by providing quality support and consulting services. When we say advertise with Google, we’re not just referring to ads you may have seen on YouTube or Google. As a part of the PSS team you will partner with LCS (Large Customer Sales) across Spanish speaking Latin America (SpLatAm) to help customers meet their display advertising goals. Display is one of the fastest growing product areas at Google, which makes for an exciting and fast-paced team environment.  As a Display Product Specialist, you will manage the Display business for selected accounts across the entire business cycle. Equipped with a specialism of our Google Display Network (GDN) solutions and our clients’ marketing objectives, you will advise them on growing their business and maximizing return on their marketing investment.  You will act as an advisor and consultant that works across functions and alongside global teams, as well as a client advocate within Google. You will drive Display Pipeline with the LCS teams through pitching and activating new products. You might also train your internal clients/agencies on Display to accelerate Display adoption. Our Large Customer Sales teams partner closely with many of the world’s biggest advertisers and agencies to develop digital solutions that build strong businesses and brands. We enjoy a bird’s eye view on the massive transformation occurring as advertising shifts to mobile and online platforms. We're uniquely situated to help shape how companies grow their businesses in the digital age. We advise clients on Google's broad range of products across search, video and mobile to help them connect instantly and seamlessly with their audiences.
15	Nest	Software Engineering Internship - 2018 Summer Nestling Program	Palo Alto, CA, United States	description-section:  Responsibilities   Manage a book of business as a full-time Display partner, working across the entire Display cycle -- plan, pitch (together with in-country teams), implement and optimize. Deep-dive into the clients' business objectives and challenges to accurately assess needs, working together to create plans for short and long-term account growth. Be a Display advocate for clients, your team and your vertical to drive business growth through best practice sharing and a future focus. Escalate any issues you or the customers face with our products, processes, or tools. Manage projects across multiple stakeholders, including vertical leadership, product teams and partner support teams. Implement campaign solutions by building campaigns for our customers, monitoring and optimizing for performance to meet customer marketing objectives. Drive conversations on measurement and attribution (along with the Measurement and Attribution specialist) of Display media. Implement campaign solutions by building campaigns for our customers, monitoring and optimizing for performance to meet customer marketing objectives. Develop and apply knowledge of market and industry in solutions offered and an understanding of products and tools. Gather and analyze data at an account, campaign and industry level. Manage day-to-day stakeholders and operations with limited guidance.   Qualifications  Minimum qualifications: BA/BS degree or equivalent practical experience. 2 years of experience with Google Display Network. Experience with pitching digital solutions to clients or direct sales experience.  Preferred qualifications: 3 years of experience in managing digital marketing campaigns or in analytical projects with customer impact. Experience managing digital advertising campaigns for large, complex clients with proficiency in online measurement, operations and ad networks, as well as the ability to roll up your sleeves to implement and optimize Display campaigns. High degree of proactivity and ownership of accounts, deliverables and KPIs and possess a self-driven attitude. Passion to create and share best practice solutions to inculcate a culture of learning by sharing. Ability to think strategically and analyze the needs of clients. Comfort in dealing with ambiguity and complexity. Demonstrated success on projects; ability to independently lead, communicate and collaborate with multiple stakeholders and work effectively with global teams. Effective communication and presentation skills with the ability to influence stakeholders. ;description-section text: Note: By applying to this position your application is automatically submitted to the following locations: New York, NY, USA; Boulder, CO, USA;description-section text with-benefits:  This is not your average internship program. Interns at Nest are treated like full-time members of the team and given the opportunity to work on real products and projects. Join Nest and you’ll learn how to design, develop, and ship great products!Nest has Software Engineering internship opportunities across many different teams: Services Team: The Services team is responsible for designing, developing, and releasing scalable distributed systems for the Nest infrastructure. Our goal is to build a reliable backbone to support millions of heterogenous devices around the world. As an intern, you will collaborate with a wide range of teams to deliver compelling user experiences and develop high quality, highly available systems for the Nest service cloud. Work may include real time data synchronization, identity management, large-scale data processing, service endpoints for web, embedded and mobile clients, and developing test frameworks and operational tools for the services you create. Data Infrastructure Team: The Data Infrastructure team is responsible for building out large-scale, distributed systems that process nearly all the data flowing through our service. We work closely with teams across the company who make use of data to drive improvements back into our products and provide helpful insights to our customers. As an intern, you will contribute to the design and development of Nest’s core big data infrastructure, including data delivery, transformation, and storage systems. Web Engineering Team: Nest’s Web Engineering team builds the store that showcases Nest products. As an intern, projects may include maintaining and enhancing an Ember.js app, inline documentation FTW, and A/B testing the funnel. Applications Team: The Apps team is responsible for designing great user experiences for Web, Android, and iOS. This is a unique opportunity to work with a small team of developers who are building truly great applications. If you are passionate about good design, itching to build truly great applications, and work with a top-notch engineering team, this is your ticket! As an intern, projects may include implementing high-level user interfaces, optimizing the user experience, developing new and innovative features, fixing problems and troubleshooting, and enhancing product performance. Wireless Network Team: The Wireless Network team designs and develops connected home products and the communication standard for the connected home. As an intern, projects may include designing and implementing TCP- and UDP-based, scalable embedded application protocols and working along with firmware and device driver designers during the early stages of the development.  Nest Brain Team: The Nest Brain team is responsible for architecting, designing and implementing the intelligence which empowers the smart home of the future. We deliver cutting-edge algorithms which solve real world problems in everyday users’ lives. As an intern, projects may include development of state of the art machine learning systems, data analytics, computer vision, signal processing and controls, to implementing algorithms in an embedded system.The work:  Perform specific responsibilities which vary by team and project  Minimum qualifications:  Currently pursuing a Bachelor’s, Master’s or Ph.D. in Engineering, Computer Science, Math, or related technical field  Preferred qualifications:  A passion and curiosity for creating and building things  The ability to thrive in a collaborative team  Strong communication skills  Understanding of multiple programming languages (e.g. Scala, C/C++, Java, Javascript, Python, Ruby, bash) 
16	Google	Manager, Solutions Architecture, Google Cloud (Apigee)	München, Germany	description-section:  Responsibilities   Become a credible and authentic technology leader, deliver the team's vision and technology to prospects, partners and customers in the region. Align the technical requirements and the solution design with the customer's business drivers and demonstrate our unique value. Hire, coach and drive a team to work towards assigned goals. Partner with the customer to develop a strong working relationship with the customer’s technical staff and be able to gain their trust and credibility through your deep technical knowledge and domain expertise. This, while working closely with geographically distributed Apigee and Customer project teams. Travel up to 50% of the time as required.   Qualifications  Minimum qualifications: BA/BS degree in Computer Science or a related technical field or equivalent practical experience. Experience in people management, coaching and growing a team of Technical Consultants. Preferred qualifications: Experience providing organizational and subject matter leadership on technical sales strategies. Ability to work across Product Marketing, Product Management, Engineering, Customer Success and Sales Management functions. Development experience using Google or other cloud products. Understanding of private, public and hybrid cloud design considerations and limitations in the areas of virtualization and global infrastructure, distributed systems, load balancing and networking and security. Ability to facilitate the development and communication of robust solutions to technical and business audiences. Excellent listening, critical thinking and analytical skills. ;description-section text: Note: By applying to this position your application is automatically submitted to the following locations: Paris, France; Berlin, Germany; Munich, Germany;description-section text with-benefits: Apigee Edge is an advanced API platform that enables enterprises to create, manage, secure and scale APIs. Using Apigee, enterprises can design and deploy API proxies in public and private clouds, secure data in transit with OAuth 2.0, SAML and two-way TLS, protect against traffic spikes by adding dynamic routing, caching and rate-limiting policies to APIs, and measure the success of both API operations and API business with end-to-end analytics.As part of an entrepreneurial team in this rapidly growing business, you will help businesses of all sizes leverage technology to connect with customers, employees and partners. As a Solutions Architect Manager, you will coach a team of Solution Architects who engage with prospects and customers on their journey with Apigee. We're building a team that understands and can assess a customer's requirements, prepare and present demonstrations of the Apigee platform and help customers build robust production ready solutions. You'll also directly engage with customers on a regular basis independent of your team to drive customer success.Google Cloud helps millions of employees and organizations empower their employees, serve their customers, and build what’s next for their business — all with technology built in the cloud. Our products are engineered for security, reliability and scalability, running the full stack from infrastructure to applications to devices and hardware. And our teams are dedicated to helping our customers — developers, small and large businesses, educational institutions and government agencies — see the benefits of our technology come to life.
17	Nest	Embedded Software Engineer	Shanghai, China	description-section:  Responsibilities   Become a credible and authentic technology leader, deliver the team's vision and technology to prospects, partners and customers in the region. Align the technical requirements and the solution design with the customer's business drivers and demonstrate our unique value. Hire, coach and drive a team to work towards assigned goals. Partner with the customer to develop a strong working relationship with the customer’s technical staff and be able to gain their trust and credibility through your deep technical knowledge and domain expertise. This, while working closely with geographically distributed Apigee and Customer project teams. Travel up to 50% of the time as required.   Qualifications  Minimum qualifications: BA/BS degree in Computer Science or a related technical field or equivalent practical experience. Experience in people management, coaching and growing a team of Technical Consultants. Preferred qualifications: Experience providing organizational and subject matter leadership on technical sales strategies. Ability to work across Product Marketing, Product Management, Engineering, Customer Success and Sales Management functions. Development experience using Google or other cloud products. Understanding of private, public and hybrid cloud design considerations and limitations in the areas of virtualization and global infrastructure, distributed systems, load balancing and networking and security. Ability to facilitate the development and communication of robust solutions to technical and business audiences. Excellent listening, critical thinking and analytical skills. ;description-section text: Note: By applying to this position your application is automatically submitted to the following locations: Paris, France; Berlin, Germany; Munich, Germany;description-section text with-benefits:  Nest is looking for self-driven and talented software engineers for our Shanghai engineering team.  The work: Design and develop hardware diagnostics software for Nest products  Integration and debugging wireless technologies such as Thread, Wi-Fi, BLE on Nest products  Working closely with hardware teams and manufacturing teams to align on hardware design, validation, and factory builds  Minimum qualifications:  BA/BS degree in Computer Science, Computer Engineering, Electrical Engineering, related field or equivalent practical experience  3+ years of work experience working with Embedded C/C++  Preferred qualifications:  Proven track record in design, implementation, and release of large-scale maintainable embedded software systems with power, memory, and computation constraints as an individual contributor  Experience with common bus protocols such as SDIO, SPI, UART and PCIe  Experience with drivers development under Embedded Linux, FreeRTOS and other similar OSes  Experience with wireless protocols and standards such as IEEE 802.15.4, 6LowPAN, Thread, Zigbee, BlueTooth Smart/LowEnergy.  Thrives in a fast-paced, unstructured and highly cross-functional development environment with aggressive deadlines  Ability to speak and write in both Chinese English fluently and idiomatically. 
18	Nest	Senior Design Program Manager	Palo Alto, CA, United States	description-section:  Responsibilities   Become a credible and authentic technology leader, deliver the team's vision and technology to prospects, partners and customers in the region. Align the technical requirements and the solution design with the customer's business drivers and demonstrate our unique value. Hire, coach and drive a team to work towards assigned goals. Partner with the customer to develop a strong working relationship with the customer’s technical staff and be able to gain their trust and credibility through your deep technical knowledge and domain expertise. This, while working closely with geographically distributed Apigee and Customer project teams. Travel up to 50% of the time as required.   Qualifications  Minimum qualifications: BA/BS degree in Computer Science or a related technical field or equivalent practical experience. Experience in people management, coaching and growing a team of Technical Consultants. Preferred qualifications: Experience providing organizational and subject matter leadership on technical sales strategies. Ability to work across Product Marketing, Product Management, Engineering, Customer Success and Sales Management functions. Development experience using Google or other cloud products. Understanding of private, public and hybrid cloud design considerations and limitations in the areas of virtualization and global infrastructure, distributed systems, load balancing and networking and security. Ability to facilitate the development and communication of robust solutions to technical and business audiences. Excellent listening, critical thinking and analytical skills. ;description-section text: Note: By applying to this position your application is automatically submitted to the following locations: Paris, France; Berlin, Germany; Munich, Germany;description-section text with-benefits:  The Nest UX team is looking for a highly skilled program manager to manage feature development and production of user experience and user interface design across mobile/web applications and hardware products. This position works closely with the numerous technical program and project managers to coordinate efforts across concurrent launch cycles.  The work:  Drive broad product initiatives within and between UX UI, ID, product management, legal, marketing and engineering teams on products of high technical complexity  Coordinate apps and device software build releases with internal stakeholders  Develop strategy for engaging UX UI team with numerous engineering teams  Present progress to team and executives  Prioritize feature definition, plan UX design research and implementation, and drive execution  Manage external vendors, contractors, and developers as needed to support product deliverables  Manage technical and non-technical external requirements, issue tracking, and escalation  Minimum qualifications:  BA/BS degree or equivalent practical experience  5 years experience with software program management  Preferred qualifications:  Experience managing interactive, design, and/or creative projects (hardware and software experience)  Experience managing deliverables for technical projects or products  Ability to understand and discuss technical topics, requirements, and limitations related to software development  Experience in allocating team members accordingly against shifting priorities  Experience with bug tracking software, apps release processes, and software support needs  Ability to drive feature definition from ambiguity  Resolve team conflicts, negotiate priorities across work streams  Very strong verbal, written, and organizational skills  Passion, commitment to product excellence, and practical sense of how to get it done  Personnel management experience a plus  Thinks quickly and is calm under pressure 
19	Nest	Foundation App Engineer	Palo Alto, CA, United States	description-section:  Responsibilities   Become a credible and authentic technology leader, deliver the team's vision and technology to prospects, partners and customers in the region. Align the technical requirements and the solution design with the customer's business drivers and demonstrate our unique value. Hire, coach and drive a team to work towards assigned goals. Partner with the customer to develop a strong working relationship with the customer’s technical staff and be able to gain their trust and credibility through your deep technical knowledge and domain expertise. This, while working closely with geographically distributed Apigee and Customer project teams. Travel up to 50% of the time as required.   Qualifications  Minimum qualifications: BA/BS degree in Computer Science or a related technical field or equivalent practical experience. Experience in people management, coaching and growing a team of Technical Consultants. Preferred qualifications: Experience providing organizational and subject matter leadership on technical sales strategies. Ability to work across Product Marketing, Product Management, Engineering, Customer Success and Sales Management functions. Development experience using Google or other cloud products. Understanding of private, public and hybrid cloud design considerations and limitations in the areas of virtualization and global infrastructure, distributed systems, load balancing and networking and security. Ability to facilitate the development and communication of robust solutions to technical and business audiences. Excellent listening, critical thinking and analytical skills. ;description-section text: Note: By applying to this position your application is automatically submitted to the following locations: Paris, France; Berlin, Germany; Munich, Germany;description-section text with-benefits:  Millions of Nest customers touch our apps daily to make their homes and their families safer, more comfortable, and more energy efficient. Every member of our team has an opportunity to make a big impact knowing that the apps they develop will receive lots of visibility, both internally and externally.  This position can be located in Palo Alto, CA or Boulder, CO.The work:  Work with a small team of top-tier developers who are architecting the foundation of the Nest Apps  Participate in scrums consisting of cross functional teams, both software and hardware  Ensure that features are being delivered efficiently and on-time  In addition to code contribution, you will be expected to write design documents and contribute to architecture reviews  Minimum qualifications:  5+ years work experience as a software engineer, or relevant experience  Preferred qualifications:  Deep understanding of software architecture, design patterns, and test automation  Experience developing SDKs, modular libraries, and services with clean APIs  Desire to solve complex problems with solutions that work cross platform   
20	Google	Search Specialist, AdWords (French)	Dublin, Ireland	description-section:  Responsibilities   Lead the strategy, planning and coordination of optimization activities. Work with multiple stakeholders to manage the execution of scalable optimization workflows. Be a performance and digital consultant for customers. Manage and report on the most complex and impactful Search and Display/YouTube campaigns. Optimize the value of client accounts by analyzing and managing their campaign strategy - across both Search and Display - to improve campaign performance. Ensure high performance and measure the impact of the most complex and high value campaigns. Build thorough knowledge of how clients and agencies can use Google products to meet their marketing objectives across Google Search, Google Display Network and YouTube.   Qualifications  Minimum qualifications: BA/BS degree or equivalent practical experience. Experience in consultative sales and account management. Ability to speak and write in English and French fluently and idiomatically. Preferred qualifications: Experience in creating online marketing and advertising strategies for performance focused clients. Highly analytical and data driven with experience in project management. Knowledge of Google’s products (Search, Mobile, Google Display Network, YouTube, etc). Proficiency in the use of Google applications and presentation and spreadsheet software. Demonstrated ability to influence and create strategic programs to drive performance (e.g. scalable implementation plans). Ability to influence and build strong client relationships. Ability to lead and coordinate cross-functional teams. ;description-section text: Note: By applying to this position your application is automatically submitted to the following locations: Paris, France; Berlin, Germany; Munich, Germany;description-section text with-benefits: Businesses that partner with Google come in all shapes, sizes and market caps, and no one Google advertising solution works for all. Your knowledge of online media combined with your communication skills and analytical abilities shapes how new and existing business grows. You leverage your entrepreneurial drive to target, educate and persuade new customers to embrace Google's latest advertising products and technologies. Using your influencing and relationship-building skills, you provide Google-caliber client service, research and market analysis. You anticipate how decisions are made, understand the details of individual campaigns and persistently explore and uncover the business needs of key clients. Working with them, you set the vision and the strategy for how their advertising can reach thousands of users. As a Search Specialist, your key responsibility will be to drive business growth with our clients by optimizing and developing Google business by analyzing account opportunities. You will be responsible for the strategy, planning, actioning and delivery of Search, Display and YouTube campaigns, ensuring the performance meets the customer’s Key Performance Indicators (KPIs). You will also develop and maintain an in-depth understanding of the customer’s core business objectives and challenges, and their business position relative to the industry, market and competition.  You will work with multiple stakeholders to plan, implement and measure scalable optimization strategies across the book of business and help to educate the team and identify future opportunities. In addition, you will partner with the Regional Sales Manager to provide regular useful insights on performance, delivery of strategies and solutions across the portfolio. Our Large Customer Sales teams partner closely with many of the world’s biggest advertisers and agencies to develop digital solutions that build strong businesses and brands. We enjoy a bird’s eye view on the massive transformation occurring as advertising shifts to mobile and online platforms. We're uniquely situated to help shape how companies grow their businesses in the digital age. We advise clients on Google's broad range of products across search, video and mobile to help them connect instantly and seamlessly with their audiences.
21	Google	Solution Engineer Manager, Google Cloud	Mumbai, India	description-section:  Responsibilities   Hire, coach and drive a high performance team to deliver against assigned goals while prioritizing an outstanding customer experience to customers and prospects. Work with the team to create activities (e.g. identifying and handling key customer technical questions and objections) in order to develop strategies, resolve technical impediments and scope out migration workloads. Be responsible for technical aspects of solutions to include such activities as managing product and solution briefings, proof-of-concept work, and the coordination of supporting technical resources. Prepare and deliver product messaging in an effort to highlight Google Cloud Platform value proposition using techniques to include whiteboard and slide presentations, product demonstrations, white papers, trial management and documents. Make recommendations on integration strategies, enterprise architectures, platforms and the application infrastructure required to successfully implement a complete solution providing best practice advice to customers to optimize Google Cloud Platform effectiveness.   Qualifications  Minimum qualifications: BA/BS degree in Computer Science or related technical field or equivalent practical experience. 10 years of experience serving in the capacity of a technical sales engineer in a cloud computing environment or equivalent experience in a customer facing role (including working as a member of a professional services or systems engineering team). Experience with managing and developing teams. Preferred qualifications: Master's degree in Computer Science or MBA degree. Demonstrated knowledge of solution architecture within web and mobile environment. Knowledge of web/internet related technologies, architecture across SAAS, PAAS and IAAS and cloud productivity suites. Knowledge of Google Cloud products (G Suite, Google Cloud Platform). Proven ability to inspire and grow teams to their full potential in a sales environment across cross-functional teams to achieve common business objectives. Ability to operate with enthusiasm and flexibility in a fast-paced, constantly evolving team environment. Ability to effectively present to both technical and non-technical audiences. Ability to quickly learn, understand, and work with new emerging technologies, methodologies, and solutions in the cloud/IT technology space. Excellent analytical, project management and organizational skills. ;description-section text: Note: By applying to this position your application is automatically submitted to the following locations: Mumbai, Maharashtra, India; Bengaluru, Karnataka, India; Gurugram, Haryana, India;description-section text with-benefits: As a Solution Engineer Manager, you will lead a team of customer engineers who engage with sales prospects and channel partners to understand and assess customer requirements, prepare and present demonstrations of Google’s Cloud technologies, and address and overcome technical objections that arise throughout the sales process. You will also lead efforts to drive solution innovation, working across the organization to identify the assets and tools to drive customer adoption. Google Cloud helps millions of employees and organizations empower their employees, serve their customers, and build what’s next for their business — all with technology built in the cloud. Our products are engineered for security, reliability and scalability, running the full stack from infrastructure to applications to devices and hardware. And our teams are dedicated to helping our customers — developers, small and large businesses, educational institutions and government agencies — see the benefits of our technology come to life.
22	Google	Supplier Development and Quality Engineer, Power Adapter	Shanghai, China	description-section:  Responsibilities   Work with cross-functional teams to enable suppliers to build high quality power products supporting from NPI stage to mass production Support supplier onsite build activities to enforce the right processes and techniques in manufacturing power devices Manage end to end supplier quality activities from incoming, in process and outgoing test and inspection to ensure compliance to specification at all times Lead product, process, manufacturing and design issue resolution   Qualifications  Minimum qualifications: BA/BS degree in Electrical or Electronic Engineering or equivalent practical experience. 5 years of experience in manufacturing of power conversion devices Preferred qualifications: Power electronics / engineering background with ability to read schematics and basic circuit analysis. Demonstrated knowledge in power conversion systems and other related component manufacturing - cables, PCB fabrication, magnetics including inductors and transformers. Knowledge of manufacturing test and inspection, first article and GR&R Knowledge of quality tools, DMAIC, statistical process control and other relevant tools in manufacturing. Able to read and analyze schematics and perform test and failure analysis Ability to travel up to 50% of the time ;description-section text: Note: By applying to this position your application is automatically submitted to the following locations: Shanghai, China; Xinyi District, Taipei City, Taiwan 110;description-section text with-benefits: Google has one of the largest and most powerful computing infrastructures in the world. Your team is responsible for providing the manufacturing capability to deliver this state-of-the-art physical infrastructure. As a Manufacturing Engineer, you evaluate the product designs and create the processes, tools and procedures behind Google's powerful search technology. When vendors build parts for our infrastructure, you're right there alongside ensuring manufacturing processes are repeatable and controlled. You collaborate with Commodity Managers and Design Engineers to determine Google's infrastructure needs and product specifications. Your work ensures the various pieces of Google's infrastructure fit together perfectly and keep our systems humming along smoothly for a seamless user experience.Google's mission is to organize the world's information and make it universally accessible and useful. Our Hardware team researches, designs, and develops new technologies and hardware to make our user's interaction with computing faster, more powerful, and seamless. Whether finding new ways to capture and sense the world around us, advancing form factors, or improving interaction methods, our Hardware team is making people's lives better through technology.
23	Nest	Senior UX Designer	Palo Alto, CA, United States	description-section:  Responsibilities   Work with cross-functional teams to enable suppliers to build high quality power products supporting from NPI stage to mass production Support supplier onsite build activities to enforce the right processes and techniques in manufacturing power devices Manage end to end supplier quality activities from incoming, in process and outgoing test and inspection to ensure compliance to specification at all times Lead product, process, manufacturing and design issue resolution   Qualifications  Minimum qualifications: BA/BS degree in Electrical or Electronic Engineering or equivalent practical experience. 5 years of experience in manufacturing of power conversion devices Preferred qualifications: Power electronics / engineering background with ability to read schematics and basic circuit analysis. Demonstrated knowledge in power conversion systems and other related component manufacturing - cables, PCB fabrication, magnetics including inductors and transformers. Knowledge of manufacturing test and inspection, first article and GR&R Knowledge of quality tools, DMAIC, statistical process control and other relevant tools in manufacturing. Able to read and analyze schematics and perform test and failure analysis Ability to travel up to 50% of the time ;description-section text: Note: By applying to this position your application is automatically submitted to the following locations: Shanghai, China; Xinyi District, Taipei City, Taiwan 110;description-section text with-benefits: Nest Design is an interdisciplinary group. We value visual design, interaction design, prototyping and research as equal pillars of the product. Our ideal candidates combine strengths across disciplines to create a powerful and effective point of view.As a Senior UX Designer, you’ll be responsible for the look, feel and architecture of one or more Nest products, working across on-device user interface, mobile app and web. You will be part of the team that drive the design for systematic and innovative product features. Our team members combine great visual sense with a deep understanding of the subtle nuance that makes a complex product feel simple and intuitive. Nest products span the physical and digital worlds and, in addition to classic graphical user interface, use sensors, motion, audio and AI to define the next generation of interaction. You should have an inspiring portfolio, great design sense, a love for complex problems and the ability to clearly articulate how a product should work both in software and in the physical world. W e strive to create products that people love to use and welcome into their home.  The work:  Strategize, brainstorm, and define key features for one or more Nest products  Translate abstract ideas and requirements into tangible and beautiful design deliverables  Help to invent a modern and elegant visual language that spans devices  Integrate user feedback and business requirements  Advocate for changes, refinements, and ongoing improvements  Author, iterate, and maintain documentation including storyboards, flows, architecture, mockups, prototypes, animations, etc.  Consciously and exhaustively craft detailed use cases and contingencies  Collaborate closely with cross-disciplinary teams of engineers, product managers, and marketing  Create production-ready assets that use all the capabilities of the latest industry technology  Minimum qualifications:  5 years work experience as a designer working on shippable products, including for iOS, Android, Web applications, and/or Hardware  BFA, BA, or BS degree in design or a related discipline  Preferred qualifications:  Experience working closely with engineers and product on technical projects  Proficiency with Adobe Creative Suite and similar tools  Ability to distill complex processes into simple, clear, user interactions  Excellent visual standards and obsessive attention to detail  Experience designing interactions for physical products  Strong technical understanding  Excellent written communication and documentation skills  Anticipates issues at a macro and micro level concurrently  High organization and efficiency working with multiple projects to meet tight deadlines  Strong leadership when collaborating with design, engineering, product, and marketing  Ability to mentor and lead junior designers 
24	Google	Head of Google Search Ads Marketing, UK/I	London, United Kingdom	description-section:  Responsibilities   Define, own and execute the UK marketing strategy for Google Ads. Develop a clear understanding of the market issues and our customers’ business needs and wants. Use customer insights develop a strategy as to how Google can be their partner for growth (be it via Search, Double Click, Cloud etc). Track and analyze the effectiveness of marketing programs and incorporate key learnings. Work with our agency partners to develop a creative strategy and platform for storytelling the Google proposition. Reach clients through thought leadership content, events, and external communications. Develop industry thought-leadership and best practice materials to drive perception change/advance product adoption (includes working with market insights teams, PR, agencies and third-parties, to develop/deliver case studies and consumer insights). Partner with cross-functional teams both globally and locally to ensure successful execution.   Qualifications  Minimum qualifications: Bachelor's degree or equivalent practical experience. Experience implementing and managing marketing strategy for a B2B audience, or as a client marketer. Experience with Google ad products and the wider digital media landscape in the UK (experience with UK advertising ecosystem). Preferred qualifications: Demonstrated leadership, teamwork and interpersonal skills. Proven ability to deliver high performing marketing programs. Highly organized and self-motivated with strong strategic and problem-solving capabilities. Strong understanding of performance/direct response objectives. A proven storyteller, with excellent written and oral communication, including presentation ability. ;description-section text: Note: By applying to this position your application is automatically submitted to the following locations: Shanghai, China; Xinyi District, Taipei City, Taiwan 110;description-section text with-benefits: Whether you're on a consumer product (like Gmail, Search, Maps, Chrome, Android) or a business product (AdWords, AdSense, DoubleClick, Analytics), you take part in a complete marketing experience as you lead every facet of the product's journey. From determining positioning, naming, competitive analysis, feature prioritization and external communications, you help shape the voice of the product and help it grow a loyal consumer base. This means you work with a cross-functional team across sales, corporate communications, legal, webmasters, product development, engineering and more. In this role, you'll be involved with product marketing strategy from beginning to end. The UKI Large Advertiser and Agency Marketing (LAAM) team is looking for a passionate and proven marketer to lead Performance Ads marketing to our largest advertisers and agencies in UKI. You will be responsible for shaping Google’s marketing to these customers, and manage and execute the marketing plan for our Performance Ads suite (particularly across Mobile - web and apps).  The role is cross-product, cross-functional and you’ll work closely with regional Marketing and the UKI sales teams. You'll report to the Head of Large Customer Marketing. Know the user. Know the magic. Connect the two. At its core, marketing at Google starts with technology and ends with the user, bringing both together in unconventional ways. Our job is to demonstrate how Google's products solve the world's problems--from the everyday to the epic, from the mundane to the monumental. And we approach marketing in a way that only Google can--changing the game, redefining the medium, making the user the priority, and ultimately, letting the technology speak for itself.
25	Google	Regional Inside Sales Lead, Google Cloud	Austin, TX, United States	description-section:  Responsibilities  Hire, coach and guide teams to work towards strategic goals while prioritizing an outstanding customer experience to customers and prospects.Contribute to territory strategy by identifying, generating and developing business growth opportunities. Work with Field Sales Managers, Customer Engineer Managers and Google Partners to maximize business goals and cultivate opportunities.Drive business development, forecast accurately and achieve strategic goals by having your team lead customers through the business cycle, from demand creation to opportunity completion.Lead your team to run demand generation and campaigns from conception, planning, execution and launch to post-launch analysis to help deliver on broader territory plan.Establish and maintain healthy and productive cross-functional relationships with regional peers and the Sales Operations, Product Management and Product Marketing teams.  Qualifications  Minimum qualifications:Bachelor's degree or equivalent practical experience.5 years of sales leadership experience, managing a team and attracting and growing talent4 years of sales/relationship management experience in the technology industry with SaaS, PaaS or IaaS products and platforms.Preferred qualifications:8 years of experience managing or leading a team in a sales, marketing or operations environment.Demonstrated organizational and project management capabilities with the ability to manage multiple tasks with shifting priorities and varying deadlines.Demonstrated leadership capabilities and excellent interpersonal skills.;description-section text: Note: By applying to this position your application is automatically submitted to the following locations: Shanghai, China; Xinyi District, Taipei City, Taiwan 110;description-section text with-benefits: Our team inspires leading companies, schools, and government agencies to work smarter with Google tools like G Suite, Search, and Chrome. You reach out proactively to show customers how Google Cloud solutions can help them become more productive, mobile, and collaborative. You'll maintain relationships with clients and work cross-functionally to devise solutions and support for Google's clients.As part of an entrepreneurial team in this rapidly growing business, you will help shape the future of businesses of all sizes use technology to connect with customers, employees and partners. As a regional lead for the Inside Sales organization, you will help drive the strategy and execution of the organization’s business plan and be accountable for achieving strategic goals within the market. You will drive growth and customer acquisition for the Google Cloud business with the Inside Sales teams you will lead. You will be responsible for inside sales, account management and developing business growth opportunities. You will also manage existing resellers, recruiting new ones and helping them to build their business and go-to-market strategies. In addition, you will work cross-functionally to ensure alignment and an integrated go-to-market with other sales organizations, Marketing and Operations.Google Cloud helps millions of employees and organizations empower their employees, serve their customers, and build what’s next for their business — all with technology built in the cloud. Our products are engineered for security, reliability and scalability, running the full stack from infrastructure to applications to devices and hardware. And our teams are dedicated to helping our customers — developers, small and large businesses, educational institutions and government agencies — see the benefits of our technology come to life.
26	YouTube	Online Partner Manager, YouTube (German and Dutch)	London, United Kingdom	description-section:  Responsibilities   Manage and help grow a portfolio of YouTube creators in the areas of Entertainment, Sports, News, Gaming, Beauty and Fashion, Cooking, Music and more. Manage a portfolio of creator work accounts towards strategic goals, including maximizing watch time hours, platform engagement, audience growth, community interaction and growth. Work collaboratively with your team and cross-functional partners to develop and implement creative ways to improve client relationships, grow distribution and drive growth. Measure and analyze overall creator performance. Streamline operational workflows and process improvements.   Qualifications  Minimum qualifications:  BA/BS degree or equivalent practical experience. Ability to speak and write English, German and Dutch fluently and idiomatically.  Preferred qualifications: Experience in the video, media, and/or entertainment industry. Experience as a YouTube creator, with a passion for finding, developing and managing YouTube creators. Experience in an external-facing customer interaction role with customer support, sales, and/or relationship development. Ability to interact at all levels of an organization, as well as cross-functionally. Effective problem-solving skills and proven track record of proactively improving processes. Excellent communication, presentation planning and time management skills, with attention to detail. ;description-section text: Note: By applying to this position your application is automatically submitted to the following locations: Shanghai, China; Xinyi District, Taipei City, Taiwan 110;description-section text with-benefits: The YouTube Partner Program consists of millions of content creators. This number is growing very quickly and will grow even faster in the coming years. Fast-paced, dynamic and proactive, the Online Partnerships and Development (OPD) team serves YouTube's creators around the world to ensure they have a great experience and achieve success on the platform. Many of these creators are responsible for “what is original” on YouTube and are building the media companies of the future. As an Online Partner Manager on the OPD Team you will help our creators build, grow, and expand their presence on YouTube, while assisting their development into the next generation of YouTube stars.YouTube has grown into a community used by over 1 billion people across the globe to access information, share video, and shape culture. The YouTube team helps budding creators build careers, creates products like YouTube Kids, YouTube Music, and YouTube Gaming, and engages communities around shared passions and global conversations. Together, we empower the world to create, broadcast, and share.
27	Google	Strategic Partner Lead, Large Partner Solutions (English and Chinese Mandarin)	Beijing, China	description-section:  Responsibilities   Identify potential new customer opportunities, structure proposals (including offer, pricing, legal and operational implications) working with internal support functions. Provide business optimization recommendations, lead execution and ensure implementation complies with policy. Be the primary point of contact for partners. Create relationships with partners at all levels in the partner organization (including senior executives, key decision makers, direct and indirect sales teams). Maintain a thorough understanding of the partnership solution suite and its competitive advantages by actively monitoring the competitive landscape and providing feedback to product development teams. Develop and execute the partnership strategy on large strategic accounts, including solution selling and developing comprehensive plans for the partners within their portfolio, including growth opportunities identification, action planning, business growth forecast. Manage a book of business, and achieve business growth goals on the partner portfolio. Act as the lead to work collaboratively with cross-functional colleagues to help drive Google's overall business.   Qualifications  Minimum qualifications: Bachelor's degree or equivalent practical experience. Experience making agreements. Ability to speak and write English and Chinese Mandarin fluently and idiomatically. Preferred qualifications: Experience developing and closing strategic partnerships. Ability to work effectively and cross-functionally with all levels of management, both internally and externally Deep understanding of the mobile developer ecosystem Demonstrated understanding of Internet media including mobile spaces, search engines, and online advertising players and business models. Demonstrated knowledge of the China market. A deep understanding of the digital industry's issues, a vision for its growth, and a commitment to advance Google's forward-looking strategies within the marketplace. Ability to effectively think strategically and influence cross-functional teams, such as Legal, Technical Service, Product Development, and Engineering teams to resolve problems and to provide input into new features and products Effective analytical, communication, and presentation skills with the ability to operate with enthusiasm and flexibility in a fast-paced, constantly evolving and collaborative environment. ;description-section text: For immediate consideration, please send a text (ASCII), HTML, PDF or DOC version of your resume in English to jobs@google.com. Important: The subject field of your email must include Strategic Partner Lead, Large Partner Solutions (English and Chinese Mandarin) - Beijing or Shanghai.Note: By applying to this position your application is automatically submitted to the following locations: Shanghai, China; Beijing, China;description-section text with-benefits: Businesses that partner with Google come in all shapes, sizes and market caps, and no one Google advertising solution works for all. Your knowledge of online media combined with your communication skills and analytical abilities shapes how new and existing business grow. Using your influencing and relationship-building skills, you provide Google-caliber client service, research and market analysis. You anticipate how decisions are made, persistently explore and uncover the business needs of Google's key clients and understand how our range of product offerings can grow their business. Working with them, you set the vision and the strategy for how their advertising can reach thousands of users. Large Partner Solutions (LPS) is an organization with a mission to empower partners to thrive. We help large strategic partners to leverage the total Google solution to maximize their business growth. As Strategic Partner Lead, you will act as the lead to drive cross-Google efforts to build, manage and grow strategic partnerships in China. We are looking for sharp, analytical minds that can solve complex problems and develop close working relationships with key partners in digital space. You will be working with the largest partners in the region to create significant impact to online users and industry. Our clients' needs are constantly changing, and so our products need to change with them. The team serves as our expert consultants to our customers, using research and analytics to build long-lasting relationship with our top partners. Our expertise of Google's products and our partners' businesses allow us to identify new opportunities for their growth, launch new products, and expand the impact of our clients' work. You possess strong relationship-building skills and are apt to work effectively with Google's partners, in order to best represent our users, products and programs and drive growth.  You will represent Google at external events to highlight the benefits of working with Google to users, partners, and other industry players. You will be able to meet tight deadlines and work across all levels of an organization. You work with customers and market influencers to establish long-term visions for advertisers, publishers and partners. You partner with the Sales team to set strategic objectives and run the day-to-day operations in the region. Our partners represent mobile and gaming developers, news and publishing, entertainment and media, and e-commerce companies as well as other emerging verticals.  Within Google, you are the primary advocate of your region. You share the opportunities and challenges of the market, and voice the priorities for our products. Within the region, you set transparent objectives, collaborate with your functional counterparts and execute.The regional Partner Business Solutions (PBS) teams work directly with large partners to develop monetization strategies for their online content. Our partners represent publishing, entertainment and commerce companies as well as other emerging verticals. We are in a unique and exciting position to shape the digital alignment of marketing and business strategies as our products evolve. We work with Google's broad range of partner solutions including AdSense, DoubleClick Platform Solutions and the Ad Exchange, across mobile, display, and video formats, helping our partners and their audiences get the most out of the web.
28	Google	Executive Assistant	Singapore	description-section:  Responsibilities   Perform an extensive array of administrative tasks (e.g. manage calendars, book travel, schedule facilities and equipment, budget management, etc). Take initiative to improve processes and procedures with little or no guidance. Serve as a lead for, and manager of, small projects. Organize logistics for a variety of team offsites and events.   Qualifications  Minimum qualifications: BA/BS degree or equivalent practical experience. 10 years of experience in an executive administrative support capacity. Preferred qualifications: Experience with executive/c-level communication and liaison. Experience in calendar management, high-volume travel scheduling, and booking and budgeting of events. Ability to effectively communicate and collaborate with a diverse range of people and job functions. Ability to maintain complete confidentiality on all business matters. Effective organizational skills, with careful attention to detail and the ability to handle multiple priorities. ;description-section text: For immediate consideration, please send a text (ASCII), HTML, PDF or DOC version of your resume in English to jobs@google.com. Important: The subject field of your email must include Strategic Partner Lead, Large Partner Solutions (English and Chinese Mandarin) - Beijing or Shanghai.Note: By applying to this position your application is automatically submitted to the following locations: Shanghai, China; Beijing, China;description-section text with-benefits: As an Administrative Business Partner, you're at the heart of your team's business operations and activities and the soul that keeps your team moving forward. You anticipate the needs of your managers and team members and help them stay focused on their projects by resolving operational and administrative issues before they arise. You move quickly with the changing environment and are up to date with the latest Google products and services. You also use that knowledge to strategically support your team's projects. In addition to being organized and analytical, you possess the strong business judgment and communication skills needed to interact with a variety of people and job functions.Administrative jobs at Google are staffed by organized and dependable people driven by a common company goal: to help us accomplish great things. Working behind the scenes, we make a significant impact on the people we support as well as on Google users around the world. We're adept at leading and managing a variety of simultaneous projects, which requires the particular talent of being able to communicate effectively with all levels of the organization.
29	Google	Technical Solutions Consultant, Google Technical Services	Amsterdam, Netherlands	description-section:  Responsibilities   Work closely with our Sales team. Identify, develop, and optimize new business opportunities and develop client relationships by leveraging Google products and technologies. Develop cutting-edge solutions as the technical lead, provide consulting services to our partners, build lasting relationships and be sensitive to client needs. Help partners in their day-to-day challenges by delivering innovative and scalable solutions and troubleshooting their issues. Propose, design, create and present prototypes, demos and proofs-of-concept to a wide variety of audiences, from engineers to marketing professionals. Perform implementation reviews. Advocate for new product features, and provide partner feedback to internal cross-functional teams including Product Management and Engineering. Travel as required to meet with specific partners/clients across the world.   Qualifications  Minimum qualifications: BA/BS degree in Computer Science or a related technical subject, or equivalent practical experience. Experience with web technologies such as HTML, CSS, JavaScript, and HTTP. Experience in one or more programming languages, including Java, C++, Python. Ability to speak and write in English fluently and idiomatically. Preferred qualifications: Experience working with and managing external partners/customers. Familiarity with SQL/MySQL and Unix/Linux operating systems/commands. Demonstrated ability to adapt your message to the technical level of the audience and comfort presenting technical materials to groups of any size and background. Excellent project management skills and attention to detail. Excellent problem solving, analytical and troubleshooting skills. Ability to speak and write in Dutch fluently and idiomatically. ;description-section text: For immediate consideration, please send a text (ASCII), HTML, PDF or DOC version of your resume in English to jobs@google.com. Important: The subject field of your email must include Strategic Partner Lead, Large Partner Solutions (English and Chinese Mandarin) - Beijing or Shanghai.Note: By applying to this position your application is automatically submitted to the following locations: Shanghai, China; Beijing, China;description-section text with-benefits: Google Technical Services: Professional Services (gPS) is a team of solution-oriented trusted advisors supporting millions of users worldwide. Our consultative services take our deep technical and product expertise and combine it with our powerful understanding of our customer’s needs and goals to solve their biggest business challenges allowing them to grow and get the most out of Google solutions. Google Technical Services is a global support and operations team, with a mission to delight our customers with care so good, it’s got to be Google. Our team is the face of Google to most of our customers, and we want their Google support experience to set new standards, just like Google’s products do. Our team cares for customers by solving problems and scaling solutions, incubating new Google products, and sharing user feedback with internal teams to influence product development. We support a wide variety of products, from Ads to Project Fi and just about everything in between, and our customers include advertisers, consumers, partners, publishers, retailers, and our own Sales Googlers.
30	Google	Mobile App Lead, Global GMS	Mountain View, CA, United States	description-section:  Responsibilities   Become an expert on mobile app advertising and on how SMB customers engage with our products. Analyze data to uncover opportunities to accelerate growth, building models to determine addressable audience and business growth opportunities. Advocate for GMS app opportunities, engaging with Sales and Product teams to realize potential. Plan and implement projects designed to accelerate growth, engaging with global, cross-functional teams to lead execution. Monitor new feature releases, create and conduct trainings to GMS teams, developing new and innovative ways to distribute insights.   Qualifications  Minimum qualifications: BA/BS degree or equivalent practical experience. 5 years of relevant experience in mobile apps, advertising, project management and Go-to-Market strategy. Preferred qualifications: MBA, Master's or PhD degree, or related. Experience analyzing data and creating reports. Proficiency in AdWords, with a detailed understanding of the AdWords product and how to create/optimize campaigns. Ability to influence stakeholders and take complex, ambiguous topics and turn them into stories that spark an audience. Demonstrated ability to lead complex operational and strategic initiatives. Ability to pay attention to detail while handling multiple, simultaneous projects in a fast-paced environment. Effective communication, project management, relationship management and leadership skills. ;description-section text: For immediate consideration, please send a text (ASCII), HTML, PDF or DOC version of your resume in English to jobs@google.com. Important: The subject field of your email must include Strategic Partner Lead, Large Partner Solutions (English and Chinese Mandarin) - Beijing or Shanghai.Note: By applying to this position your application is automatically submitted to the following locations: Shanghai, China; Beijing, China;description-section text with-benefits: Businesses that partner with Google come in all shapes, sizes and market caps, and no one Google advertising solution works for all. Your knowledge of online media combined with your communication skills and analytical abilities shapes how new and existing business grow. Using your influencing and relationship-building skills, you provide Google-caliber client service, research and market analysis. You anticipate how decisions are made, persistently explore and uncover the business needs of Google's key clients and understand how our range of product offerings can grow their business. Working with them, you set the vision and the strategy for how their advertising can reach thousands of users. Google's unparalleled applications, systems, products, reach, targeting, ad products, and measurement capabilities can help each and every small and medium business (SMB) achieve their marketing goals. The Google Marketing Solutions (GMS) Product and Sales Activation team sits within the Global GMS Sales organization and our mission is to drive current and prospective SMB advertiser success with Google's marketing solutions through strategic growth initiatives and advocacy for products that better address small and medium business needs.  As a Mobile App Lead, you manage the Mobile app product strategy for GMS, oversee business growth and develop mobile app adoption across GMS business units. You'll work in collaboration with global cross-functional teams across Sales, Marketing and Product, and you will identify and resolve trends in customer patterns and make strategic decisions that contribute to the growth of our advertiser base. You will have product input to ensure we have established the best possible products for our customers. When our millions of advertisers and publishers are happy, so are we! Our Google Marketing Solutions (GMS) team of entrepreneurial, enthusiastic and client-focused members are the "human face" of Google, helping entrepreneurs both individually and broadly build their online presence and grow their businesses. We are dedicated to growing the unique needs of advertising companies. Our teams of strategists, analysts, advisers and support specialists collaborate closely to spot and analyze customer needs and trends. Together, we create and implement business plans broadly for all types of businesses.
31	Google	Head of Curriculum and Faculty Strategy	San Francisco, CA, United States	description-section:  Responsibilities   Oversee the curriculum and faculty development strategy for all Director and VP leadership offerings globally. Oversee and continuously improve the curriculum methodology, design and faculty selection and development processes. Ensure the design of all offerings uses insights from key sources such as the Research Incubator, Talent Management, and People Analytics. Drive a standardized approach to assessment across all offerings. Partner with internal, cross-functional groups to ensure a seamless, integrated learning journey which reinforces learning both in the “classroom” and on the job. Create and drive strategy for effectively communicating offerings to People Partners, Leaders, and other stakeholders.   Qualifications  Minimum qualifications: BA/BS degree in Organizational Psychology, Psychology, or other related field, or equivalent practical experience. 10 years of work experience in HR, talent development, and/or executive development designing and delivering senior leader development offerings. 10 years of experience in instructional and curriculum design. People management experience in a matrixed organization. Preferred qualifications: Advanced degree in a relevant field (organizational psychology, adult development, etc.) Experience running leadership centers of excellence and/or corporate universities. Experience building complex learning and development experiences for senior audiences. Experience effectively partnering with, developing, and managing relationships with senior stakeholders. Demonstrated success in a fast-paced, dynamic work environment. Exceptional project and people management skills. ;description-section text: Note: By applying to this position your application is automatically submitted to the following locations: Mountain View, CA, USA; San Francisco, CA, USA; Boulder, CO, USA; New York, NY, USA;description-section text with-benefits: Our PeopleDev team works hard to ensure every Googler has access to the resources they need to become their best personal and professional selves. We leverage tools, technology, and innovative formats to scale learning and support Googlers at all stages of their careers — from Noogler Orientation, to manager training, to leadership development, and more. We have four key beliefs about learning — that it is personal, social, a process, and happens in real life — and we infuse these beliefs throughout the wide array of learning and development opportunities at Google. As a PeopleDev team member, you'll always be thinking about new ways to help others grow, and you share a passion for empowering Googlers to unlock their full potential. As the Curriculum & Faculty Strategy Lead, you’re responsible for the direction of Google’s senior leader learning and development curriculum, including senior leader onboarding processes and programs and the selection and quality of adjunct faculty. You’ll also determine when it’s time to refresh senior leader offerings and create new ones - and determine what they are! You’ll work across People Development to ensure a connected strategy with related work affecting all Googlers.Great just isn't good enough for our People Operations team (you probably know us better as "Human Resources"). Made up of equal parts HR professionals, former consultants and analysts, we're the champions of Google's colorful culture. In People Ops, we "find them, grow them, and keep them" - we bring the world's most innovative people to Google and provide the programs that help them thrive. Whether recruiting the next great Googler, refining our core programs, developing talent or simply looking for ways to inject some more fun into the lives of our Googlers, we bring a data-driven approach that is reinventing the human resources field.
32	Google	Head of Northern Europe Field Marketing, Google Cloud	Amsterdam, Netherlands	description-section:  Responsibilities   Hire, lead, and align the regional marketing and product marketing team with regional business goals. Develop, socialize and get buy-in for the regional marketing strategy and programs, working closely with global marketing and regional leadership teams while representing the local voice of the customer in the process. Develop, execute, rollout and optimize new customer acquisition campaigns and field marketing programs aligned to horizontal and vertical solutions including Google Cloud events, C-level engagement outbound campaigns, third-party trade shows and customer stories. Develop, execute, rollout and optimize campaigns to drive customer retention, product engagement and retention including customer conferences, seminars, education and engagement tactics. Grow awareness, familiarity and perception for Google Cloud Platform and G-Suite amongst analyst, influencers, and other industry groups and organizations. Partner closely with Product Marketing, Product Management, Sales Engineering and Solutions Architect teams to create differentiated product and solution positioning within the northern European market.   Qualifications  Minimum qualifications: Bachelor's degree or equivalent practical experience. Management and Marketing leadership experience. Relevant B2B marketing or field marketing experience. Ability to speak and write in English fluently and idiomatically. Preferred qualifications: Experience building and leading a distributed regional team and managing highly leveraged, measurable marketing initiatives in a global, fast paced environment. Deep knowledge of the Northern European market and data privacy and data residency considerations for cloud and technology vendors Track record of progressively increasing scope and responsibility. Ability to think and apply first principles to create effective programs tailored to target audiences and industry segments. An inspirational and compassionate leader with strong executive presence, gravitas and ability to influence at the senior leadership level. ;description-section text: Note: By applying to this position your application is automatically submitted to the following locations: Mountain View, CA, USA; San Francisco, CA, USA; Boulder, CO, USA; New York, NY, USA;description-section text with-benefits: Whether you're on a consumer product (like Gmail, Search, Maps, Chrome, Android) or a business product (AdWords, AdSense, DoubleClick, Analytics), you take part in a complete marketing experience as you lead every facet of the product's journey. From determining positioning, naming, competitive analysis, feature prioritization and external communications, you help shape the voice of the product and help it grow a loyal consumer base. This means you work with a cross-functional team across sales, corporate communications, legal, webmasters, product development, engineering and more. In this role, you'll be involved with product marketing strategy from beginning to end. Cloud computing is the storing and accessing of data and programs through the internet. Cloud growth will accelerate dramatically as enterprises transition to cloud technologies. Google Cloud is changing how people compute, not just where.  The Google Cloud Marketing team is responsible for raising awareness and interest in Google Cloud among developers, start-ups and enterprises everywhere, and shepherding these individuals through a seamless customer journey, from interest to discovery, trial, commitment and advocacy, fueling market share growth. Know the user. Know the magic. Connect the two. At its core, marketing at Google starts with technology and ends with the user, bringing both together in unconventional ways. Our job is to demonstrate how Google's products solve the world's problems--from the everyday to the epic, from the mundane to the monumental. And we approach marketing in a way that only Google can--changing the game, redefining the medium, making the user the priority, and ultimately, letting the technology speak for itself.
33	Google	Head of Industry, Platforms AUNZ, DoubleClick and GA360, (Full-time/Part-time)	Sydney, Australia	description-section:  Responsibilities   Increase business growth by developing relationships with current customers. Identify new customers within the less penetrated segments of a specified marketplace. Lead and mentor teams to develop their skills in areas such as relationship-building, account strategy and planning, opportunity identification and solution sales. Act as an expert on programmatic, data driven advertising, applications within agency and advertiser environments. Increase effectiveness of staff and tools by recognizing opportunities for development and proactively creating new systems and structures.   Qualifications  Minimum qualifications: 12 years of experience working in the digital industry. 5 years of experience in a people management role. Experience leading a Sales team, including coaching, mentoring and team development. Experience devising plans to achieve, develop and maintain client relationships and accounts. Preferred qualifications: Experience in Account Management in the online advertising space. Experience growing relationships at various levels, with the ability to work cross-functionally. Familiarity in digital media buying and selling processes, with knowledge of advertising technologies including Ad Serving, Rich Media, Search Management, Real Time Bidding, DSPs, SSPs and Ad Exchanges and analytics tools. Ability to understand and absorb complex technical concepts and communicate them to a non-technical audience. Effective interpersonal, communication, presentation and analytical skills. ;description-section text: Note: By applying to this position your application is automatically submitted to the following locations: Mountain View, CA, USA; San Francisco, CA, USA; Boulder, CO, USA; New York, NY, USA;description-section text with-benefits: Businesses that partner with Google come in all shapes, sizes and market caps, and no one Google advertising solution works for all. Your knowledge of online media combined with your communication skills and analytical abilities shapes how new and existing business grow. Using your influencing and relationship-building skills, you provide Google-caliber client service, research and market analysis. You anticipate how decisions are made, persistently explore and uncover the business needs of Google's key clients and understand how our range of product offerings can grow their business. Working with them, you set the vision and the strategy for how their advertising can reach thousands of users. The Media Buying Solutions team which includes the DoubleClick Digital Marketing suite of solutions and Google Analytics 360 is one of the fastest growing business units in the Google Business Organization. We focus on offering agencies, advertisers and media buyers integrated technology solutions to support them in the fast growing and highly strategic areas of programmatic and real time advertising.  As Head of Industry for Platforms, you will lead a dedicated Media Buying Solutions Sales team which aligns to our Agency and Large Customer Sales markets, to drive integrated solutions for customers and agencies across DoubleClick and Google Analytics 360.  You'll lead, coach and support your team closely to identify new opportunities and grow businesses whilst assisting in the acquisition, growth and maturity against specific growth and product adoption metrics. Our Large Customer Sales teams partner closely with many of the world’s biggest advertisers and agencies to develop digital solutions that build strong businesses and brands. We enjoy a bird’s eye view on the massive transformation occurring as advertising shifts to mobile and online platforms. We're uniquely situated to help shape how companies grow their businesses in the digital age. We advise clients on Google's broad range of products across search, video and mobile to help them connect instantly and seamlessly with their audiences.
34	Google	Partner Technology Manager, Product and Tools Operations, Google Technical Services	Zürich, Switzerland	description-section:  Responsibilities   Improve product feature offerings by providing user feedback to internal cross-functional teams, including Product Management, Engineering and Sales teams. Design effective launch programs to ensure that new products and feature releases are usable and serviceable before broad-scale deployment. Ensure the prompt and proper resolution of technical challenges, own product bug escalation, triage and prioritization and manage necessary communications for critical bugs. Guarantee the technical aspects of advertiser and publisher integrations by providing necessary documentation and guidance. Identify, drive, and optimize growth flow from new business opportunities by leveraging Google technologies.   Qualifications  Minimum qualifications:  BA/BS in Computer Science, Electrical Engineering, Mathematics, Statistics or equivalent practical experience. Experience working with internet technologies, such as SQL, HTTP, Javascript, HTML, Cookies, XML, etc. Experience in Product Management, Product Commercialization, Program Management, or Sales Strategy and Operations. Preferred qualifications: MBA or Master's degree in Computer Science or equivalent practical experience. Knowledge of publisher, advertising market and/or online ads landscape. Ability to work cross-functionally with multiple teams and stakeholders; excellent relationship building, collaboration, consultation and influencing skills. Effective analysis skills, with the ability to pull data from various sources and provide insights on that data. Aptitude for technical design, with the ability to pick up technical concepts quickly and learn when it is appropriate to apply them. ;description-section text: Note: By applying to this position your application is automatically submitted to the following locations: Mountain View, CA, USA; San Francisco, CA, USA; Boulder, CO, USA; New York, NY, USA;description-section text with-benefits: The Google Technical Services Product and Tools Operations team maintains the close relationships with the Engineering and Product partners necessary to develop and improve Google’s products and internal tools. We are champions of the customer experience, advocating for feature requests and offering product improvements backed by data-driven insights. Our work enables Google Technical Services teams to deliver delightful support to Google’s millions of customers. As a Partner Technology Manager, you will be the interface between the Technical Support, Consulting teams and other stakeholders, such as Product Management, Engineering and Global Sales. From design and conceptualization through to early piloting and wide-scale deployment, you will oversee the technical execution and business operations of Google online advertising, analytics and platform products. You will work on developing product and technical strategy as well as prioritize projects and resources that assist our account management teams and partners. You're able to balance business and customer needs with technical constraints. Google Technical Services is a global support and operations team, with a mission to delight our customers with care so good, it’s got to be Google. Our team is the face of Google to most of our customers, and we want their Google support experience to set new standards, just like Google’s products do. Our team cares for customers by solving problems and scaling solutions, incubating new Google products, and sharing user feedback with internal teams to influence product development. We support a wide variety of products, from Ads to Project Fi and just about everything in between, and our customers include advertisers, consumers, partners, publishers, retailers, and our own Sales Googlers.
35	YouTube	Partner Technology Manager (TV/Media), YouTube	San Bruno, CA, United States	description-section:  Responsibilities   Identify, drive and optimize various operational workflows and tools (web-based and command line scripts) between content partners and YouTube Perform implementation reviews, advocate new product features and ensure the prompt and proper resolution of technical challenges. Contribute to improving productivity by improving process and building infrastructure for on-boarding and on-going support. Improve process management by developing automation scripts. Improve product feature offerings by providing partner feedback to internal cross-functional teams including Product Management and Engineering. Guarantee the technical aspects of a partner’s integration (both new and ongoing) by providing necessary documentation and technical guidance. Review technical terms of partner contracts to ensure that YouTube can deliver what is committed based on our existing product features.   Qualifications  Minimum qualifications: BA/BS degree in Computer Science or related technical field or equivalent practical experience. 5 years of engineering and client facing experience with fundamental coding experience. Experience working with one or more of the following programming languages: C/C++, Java, Go or Python and experience with Unix/Linux systems with scripting experience in Shell, Perl or Python. Experience troubleshooting using common web technologies such as XML, HTML and/or JavaScript. Preferred qualifications: Media industry experience including familiarity with television and video technologies as well as passion and desire to work with television and video content. Experience with SQL and database platforms. Ability to work well in a cross-functional team environment. Strong team player and a creative thinker. Strong communication, interpersonal, and analytical skills and outstanding organizational, prioritization, and multitasking skills. Ability to speak to both business and technical stakeholders. ;description-section text: Note: By applying to this position your application is automatically submitted to the following locations: Mountain View, CA, USA; San Francisco, CA, USA; Boulder, CO, USA; New York, NY, USA;description-section text with-benefits: YouTube has a vast creator base of partners from individuals to the biggest media companies. They create different types of content offerings including original content, live streams, paid subscriptions and video on demand. You will be responsible for the ongoing success and satisfaction of a portfolio of partners. By managing the technical relationship with an understanding of their business objectives and values, you will drive partnership success through the effective adoption of our product offerings.  In this particular role, you will be responsible for the technical implementations as well as integrations between some of the biggest media companies, their content offerings and the YouTube platform. The role is fast-paced and will involve developing multiple workflows to ensure that content is going live correctly. You will lead cross-functional teams of Engineering, Business Development, Product Management and Operations to develop the ideal workflows, tools, applications and product strategy to support these integrations and partners. You are instrumental in implementing short-term partner solutions to bridge product gaps, commercializing new solutions and taking new initiatives from conception to successful deployment in conjunction with other stakeholders. YouTube has grown into a community used by over 1 billion people across the globe to access information, share video, and shape culture. The YouTube team helps budding creators build careers, creates products like YouTube Kids, YouTube Music, and YouTube Gaming, and engages communities around shared passions and global conversations. Together, we empower the world to create, broadcast, and share.
36	Nest	Emerging Markets Business Development Manager - Electrical - Pro Channel	Remote, OR, United States	description-section:  Responsibilities   Identify, drive and optimize various operational workflows and tools (web-based and command line scripts) between content partners and YouTube Perform implementation reviews, advocate new product features and ensure the prompt and proper resolution of technical challenges. Contribute to improving productivity by improving process and building infrastructure for on-boarding and on-going support. Improve process management by developing automation scripts. Improve product feature offerings by providing partner feedback to internal cross-functional teams including Product Management and Engineering. Guarantee the technical aspects of a partner’s integration (both new and ongoing) by providing necessary documentation and technical guidance. Review technical terms of partner contracts to ensure that YouTube can deliver what is committed based on our existing product features.   Qualifications  Minimum qualifications: BA/BS degree in Computer Science or related technical field or equivalent practical experience. 5 years of engineering and client facing experience with fundamental coding experience. Experience working with one or more of the following programming languages: C/C++, Java, Go or Python and experience with Unix/Linux systems with scripting experience in Shell, Perl or Python. Experience troubleshooting using common web technologies such as XML, HTML and/or JavaScript. Preferred qualifications: Media industry experience including familiarity with television and video technologies as well as passion and desire to work with television and video content. Experience with SQL and database platforms. Ability to work well in a cross-functional team environment. Strong team player and a creative thinker. Strong communication, interpersonal, and analytical skills and outstanding organizational, prioritization, and multitasking skills. Ability to speak to both business and technical stakeholders. ;description-section text: Note: By applying to this position your application is automatically submitted to the following locations: Mountain View, CA, USA; San Francisco, CA, USA; Boulder, CO, USA; New York, NY, USA;description-section text with-benefits: The Emerging Markets Business Development Manager is an integral position on the Nest Pro team focused on driving sales for Nest’s family of smart home products in the electrical industry across the US. The Nest Professional Channel team is a diversified, high-powered, self enabled, and extremely motivated team of business development professionals. Located remotely across North America this team is focused on guiding professional trades to take advantage of Nest’s industry leading smart home technology. Nest is focused on creating the "Thoughtful Home" and we are paving the way for distributors, installers, and builders to enter the smart home space. Nest’s innovative products and leading brand offer channel partners a unique avenue to grow their businesses through differentiation, brand positioning and marketing.  We are looking for someone who understands the potential opportunities that smart and connected products provide electricians, dealers, electrical distributors, and builders, to help them grow their business and take advantage of the growing smart trade. The ideal candidate has a proven track record of actively driving sales impact and influence across the region and established relationships in the electrical industry are a plus. If you love creating your own opportunities and feel like you are ready to work with the leading company in the smart home, then this may be the right team for you. The work: Grow sales of Nest and Works With Nest products within Nest’s Professional channel through the electrical industry including dealers, distributors, builders, and industry partners  Develop and implement a go to market strategy to drive aggressive sales growth and Nest product adoption across the US  Manage and build relationships with electrical channel partners including distribution, dealers, builders, and industry partners  Manage manufacturer’s rep firms across the country to help drive sales growth through distribution  Create and implement sales and marketing programs across the country that drive Nest sales adoption  Identify, recruit, and convert new business through electrical channel distribution and dealers  Explore and create new business opportunities for Nest Pro to continue to expand its electrical channel footprint  Meet with and influence installers, distributors, builders and developers to drive Nest product adoption  Effectively communicate the benefits of Nest’s innovative products and brand through strong presentation skills utilized in trade shows, trainings, and channel partner events  Ability to travel nationally up to 75% Minimum qualifications:  BA/BS degree or equivalent experience  3+ years of previous experience working in a sales or business development role Preferred qualifications: Self starter who is hungry and determined  Experience in the electrical industry with a level of networked relationships  Thrives in a fast paced aggressive sales environment  Ability to effectively collaborate with team members and influence customers while being remote  Strong organizational and time management skills  Experience selling or working with top level executives while also having the ability and desire to relate with trade professionals  Experience working with smart and connected products  Familiarity with Google slides, Google sheets, Google docs, and Gmail 
37	Google	Analytical Lead, Platforms Solutions	San Francisco, CA, United States	description-section:  Responsibilities   Support the growth of DoubleClick and Google Analytics through analysis of data. Develop forward thinking, data-driven recommendations that align with client marketing objectives. Develop custom recommendations that consolidate multiple client data workflows to reflect a unified view of the customer. Partner with Digital Media Managers, Sales and Sales Operations to develop and test tools, templates and frameworks to streamline and scale client analyses. Collaborate with the team to educate and train clients/agencies on how to best architect and optimize DoubleClick and Google Analytics.   Qualifications  Minimum qualifications: BA/BS degree in Statistics or equivalent practical experience. 5 years of experience in marketing consultancy or digital media. Preferred qualifications: Experience managing digital advertising campaigns for clients with experience in online measurement, operations, ad networks, exchanges, demand-side platforms, digital video, mobile and Google platforms. Experience building dynamic dashboards in spreadsheets or interactive data products (Tableau, etc). Demonstrated familiarity with CRM systems (Salesforce, etc) as well as BI tools and data warehouses. Ability to independently manage a storyboard and to determine best in class data visualization using spreadsheets, slide presentations and interactive data products (Tableau, etc). ;description-section text: Note: By applying to this position your application is automatically submitted to the following locations: New York, NY, USA; Chicago, IL, USA; San Francisco, CA, USA;description-section text with-benefits: Businesses that partner with Google come in all shapes, sizes and market caps, and no one Google advertising solution works for all. Your knowledge of online media combined with your communication skills and analytical abilities shapes how new and existing business grow. Using your influencing and relationship-building skills, you provide Google-caliber client service, research and market analysis. You anticipate how decisions are made, persistently explore and uncover the business needs of Google's key clients and understand how our range of product offerings can grow their business. Working with them, you set the vision and the strategy for how their advertising can reach thousands of users.Our Large Customer Sales teams partner closely with many of the world’s biggest advertisers and agencies to develop digital solutions that build strong businesses and brands. We enjoy a bird’s eye view on the massive transformation occurring as advertising shifts to mobile and online platforms. We're uniquely situated to help shape how companies grow their businesses in the digital age. We advise clients on Google's broad range of products across search, video and mobile to help them connect instantly and seamlessly with their audiences.
38	Google	Technical Program Manager, Data Center Design	Dublin, Ireland	description-section:  Responsibilities   Manage multiple, simultaneous data center design projects from inception through handover to operations. Be responsible for gathering internal requirements, generating potential options, and delivering solutions that satisfy customer's needs. Create and manage strategies for the execution of product designs that can be integrated into our projects in a repeatable and scalable manner including cost, schedule, quality, supply chain, and building information modeling. Overcome critical challenges while maintaining rigorous adherence to project timelines, quality and costs.   Qualifications  Minimum qualifications: BS degree in a technical field or equivalent practical experience. Relevant work experience managing multi-group, multi-disciplinary construction projects and designs. Preferred qualifications: Master's or PhD degree in Electrical/Mechanical/Industrial Engineering, Architecture, Construction Management or related technical field. Relevant work experience with data center specific or equivalent equipment/environments, including switch gear, generators, chillers, cooling towers, air handling units, building controls, security monitoring systems, fire safety systems, and a working understanding of start up/commissioning processes. Experience managing vendor relationships, with an understanding of standard practices in the design and construction industry, including a detailed knowledge of design processes, procurement and work package planning. Demonstrated skills in requirements gathering, optioneering, resource organization, task prioritization, planning, scheduling and achieving objectives on schedule, to the required quality within budget. ;description-section text: Note: By applying to this position your application is automatically submitted to the following locations: New York, NY, USA; Chicago, IL, USA; San Francisco, CA, USA;description-section text with-benefits: Google's projects, like our users, span the globe and require managers to keep the big picture in focus while being able to dive into the unique engineering challenges we face daily. As a Technical Program Manager at Google, you lead complex, multi-disciplinary engineering projects using your engineering expertise. You plan requirements with internal customers and usher projects through the entire project lifecycle. This includes managing project schedules, identifying risks and clearly communicating them to project stakeholders. You're equally at home explaining your team's analyses and recommendations to executives as you are discussing the technical trade-offs in product development with engineers. As a Technical Program Manager, Data Center Design, you have experience in the area of complex, multi-disciplinary, and geographically dispersed data center design, development, construction and commissioning projects. You'll provide project management of large-scale data centers, computer farms, networking, AC power distribution/conversion and cooling methods at multiple scales. This role manages complex schedules, budgets, and broad inter-dependencies. You will have extensive experience managing large scale technical projects in a rapidly changing industry, be able to tolerate ambiguity, and demonstrate problem solving leadership with limited oversight. Behind everything our users see online is the architecture built by the Technical Infrastructure team to keep it running. From developing and maintaining our data centers to building the next generation of Google platforms, we make Google's product portfolio possible. We're proud to be our engineers' engineers and love voiding warranties by taking things apart so we can rebuild them. We're always on call to keep our networks up and running, ensuring our users have the best and fastest experience possible.
39	Google	Account Manager, Large Customer Sales (English, Portuguese)	São Paulo, Brazil	description-section:  Responsibilities   Provide excellent customer service to Google's advertisers. Identify and solve client issues proactively and creatively. Build strong relationships with customers and educate them on new product features. Learn and work with Google's ongoing development of advertiser products to maximize client campaign results. Optimize keyword lists and ads in order to maximize advertiser ROI. Leverage all available resources including Optimization, Marketing and Technical Support. Identify opportunities to increase advertiser performance and investment.   Qualifications  Minimum qualifications: BA/BS degree or equivalent practical experience. 5 years of relevant work experience, including creating business with financial entities. 2 years of experience working in online advertising. Ability to speak and write in Portuguese and English fluently and idiomatically.  Preferred qualifications: Experience in online ad sales, business-development, marketing and/or consulting sales. Excellent AdWords and Google Analytics product knowledge. Ability to deliver results under pressure, with demonstrated dedication to client services. Excellent problem solving and analytical skills. ;description-section text: Note: By applying to this position your application is automatically submitted to the following locations: New York, NY, USA; Chicago, IL, USA; San Francisco, CA, USA;description-section text with-benefits: Businesses that partner with Google come in all shapes, sizes and market caps, and no one Google advertising solution works for all. Your knowledge of online media combined with your communication skills and analytical abilities shapes how new and existing business grow. Using your influencing and relationship-building skills, you provide Google-caliber client service, research and market analysis. You anticipate how decisions are made, persistently explore and uncover the business needs of Google's key clients and understand how our range of product offerings can grow their business. Working with them, you set the vision and the strategy for how their advertising can reach thousands of users. As an Account Manager, you will develop and directly manage relationships with clients and agencies in the Finance industry. You'll be focused, proactive and able to multi-task in a fast-paced environment. Additionally, you'll act as an advisor and consultant, as well as an advocate for clients within Google. You will use your analytical skills to grow existing business, to develop new business, and to support your team with account and market knowledge. Our Large Customer Sales teams partner closely with many of the world’s biggest advertisers and agencies to develop digital solutions that build strong businesses and brands. We enjoy a bird’s eye view on the massive transformation occurring as advertising shifts to mobile and online platforms. We're uniquely situated to help shape how companies grow their businesses in the digital age. We advise clients on Google's broad range of products across search, video and mobile to help them connect instantly and seamlessly with their audiences.
40	Nest	Product Design Engineering Internship - 2018 Summer Nestling Program	Palo Alto, CA, United States	description-section:  Responsibilities   Provide excellent customer service to Google's advertisers. Identify and solve client issues proactively and creatively. Build strong relationships with customers and educate them on new product features. Learn and work with Google's ongoing development of advertiser products to maximize client campaign results. Optimize keyword lists and ads in order to maximize advertiser ROI. Leverage all available resources including Optimization, Marketing and Technical Support. Identify opportunities to increase advertiser performance and investment.   Qualifications  Minimum qualifications: BA/BS degree or equivalent practical experience. 5 years of relevant work experience, including creating business with financial entities. 2 years of experience working in online advertising. Ability to speak and write in Portuguese and English fluently and idiomatically.  Preferred qualifications: Experience in online ad sales, business-development, marketing and/or consulting sales. Excellent AdWords and Google Analytics product knowledge. Ability to deliver results under pressure, with demonstrated dedication to client services. Excellent problem solving and analytical skills. ;description-section text: Note: By applying to this position your application is automatically submitted to the following locations: New York, NY, USA; Chicago, IL, USA; San Francisco, CA, USA;description-section text with-benefits: This is not your average internship program. Interns at Nest are treated like full-time members of the team and given the opportunity to work on real products and projects. Join Nest and you’ll learn how to design, develop and ship great products!Nest takes the unloved products in your home and makes simple, beautiful, thoughtful things. The Product Design Engineering team works with electrical engineering, ID and marketing teams to conceptualize, define, design, build and test new products. Depending on where we are in the development cycle, you may be responsible for making detailed 3D CAD models, searching out new materials for products, analyzing results of reliability testing or iteratively improving designs.The work:  Perform specific responsibilities which vary by team and project  Minimum qualifications:  Currently pursuing a Bachelor’s, Master’s, or Ph.D. in Mechanical Engineering or related technical field  1 year of experience with 3D CAD modeling  Preferred qualifications:  Familiarity with Unigraphics NX  Hands on experience with machine shop tools  Demonstrated ability in plastic and metal design  A strong design sense with an eye for detail  Good communicator, excellence driven, problem solver, self-starter, analytical  Thrives in chaos, obsessed with customer experience, fanatic 
41	YouTube	Policy Enforcement Associate, YouTube	Dublin, Ireland	description-section:  Responsibilities   Review of graphic, controversial, and sometimes offensive video content in line with YouTube’s Community Guidelines. Work on weekends on a rotational basis as required in order to handle policy escalations, which require immediate resolution, from both internal and external stakeholders. Work in a rapidly-changing industry and tolerate ambiguity while seeking to minimize uncertainty through quantitative insights. Passionate about working cross-functionally, thinking strategically, and keeping our users safe while protecting free speech. Liaise with policy, PR and legal teams to craft and implement policy solutions to controversial content on YouTube. Travel and work flexibly, as required.   Qualifications  Minimum qualifications: BA/BS degree or equivalent practical experience. Experience with spreadsheets, databases, SQL and data analysis.Ability to work non-standard hours and differing work rotations/shifts as required(including working on holidays and shift rotations). Preferred qualifications: Experience working with international issues across multiple geographies, including freedom of expression, child safety and/or online controversial content. Demonstrated methodical skills in applying policy to online content, while making accurate judgment calls with respect to appropriate and violative content. Effective problem-solving, critical thinking and attention to detail in a fast-paced and dynamic environment. ;description-section text: Note: By applying to this position your application is automatically submitted to the following locations: New York, NY, USA; Chicago, IL, USA; San Francisco, CA, USA;description-section text with-benefits: Fast-paced, dynamic and proactive, YouTube Trust and Safety is dedicated to ensuring that YouTube is a place for users, viewers, and creators around the world to belong, create, and express themselves. Whether understanding and solving their online content concerns, navigating within global legal frameworks, or writing and enforcing worldwide policy, the Trust & Safety team is on the frontlines of enhancing the YouTube experience, building internet safety, and protecting free speech in our ever-evolving digital world. The Trust and Safety team keeps YouTube growing and successful. We are dedicated to supporting the company's growing base of users, advertisers, publishers in more than 40 languages on a global basis, and providing them with the highest levels of service. Our team members are proactive, motivated, organized, and possess a global perspective - they are able to work well in a fast-paced, team-oriented environment.  As part of YouTube Trust and Safety and as a reviewer of sensitive, sometimes controversial content, you will be directly responsible for making the internet safer, protecting free speech and defending our brand. You are passionate about cutting-edge policy developments and applications in a digital age.YouTube has grown into a community used by over 1 billion people across the globe to access information, share video, and shape culture. The YouTube team helps budding creators build careers, creates products like YouTube Kids, YouTube Music, and YouTube Gaming, and engages communities around shared passions and global conversations. Together, we empower the world to create, broadcast, and share.
42	Google	Account Executive, Google Analytics 360 Suite	Toronto, ON, Canada	description-section:  Responsibilities   Work towards strategic business goals. Generate business plans to define selling strategies and tactics. Work collaboratively in a Large Sales organization to drive market share growth for the product. Coordinate internal resources across many functional areas to complete agreements and fulfill customer needs. Develop relationships within all levels of advertisers to serve as a trusted consultant in order to solidify and grow those partnerships.   Qualifications  Minimum qualifications: BA/BS degree or equivalent practical experience. 8 years of experience in a technology sales role with an emphasis on analytics, attribution and/or digital advertising. Preferred qualifications: Experience working towards strategic business goals. Understanding of website analytics, ad technology spaces and their key players. Knowledge of website analytics and digital ad platforms and established relationships within the digital marketing and analytics industry. Ability to work well in a large, fast-paced, complex and perpetually evolving environment. Ability to develop and grow relationships with strategic customers. ;description-section text: Note: By applying to this position your application is automatically submitted to the following locations: New York, NY, USA; Chicago, IL, USA; San Francisco, CA, USA;description-section text with-benefits: Businesses that partner with Google come in all shapes, sizes and market caps, and no one Google advertising solution works for all. Your knowledge of online media combined with your communication skills and analytical abilities shapes how new and existing business grow. Using your influencing and relationship-building skills, you provide Google-caliber client service, research and market analysis. You anticipate how decisions are made, persistently explore and uncover the business needs of Google's key clients and understand how our range of product offerings can grow their business. Working with them, you set the vision and the strategy for how their advertising can reach thousands of users. As an Account Executive you will grow new business with Google’s Marketers and Agencies in Canada. You'll manage business relationships to ensure that our clients' needs and requirements are met. This client-facing business role requires platforms/Google Analytics 360 (GA360) expertise, proven business ability with a particular penchant for closing agreements, and a broad base of industry contacts. You understand and anticipate how decisions are made and you will persistently explore and uncover the business needs of Google's key clients. New Product Solutions is the link between Google’s Product and Sales organizations. We turn product innovations into client solutions that enable our customers to get the most out of Google’s advertising products and the web. We partner with Sales team members in building the strongest commercial strategy, and we equip customer-facing Googlers with essential product expertise. We are fascinated by all things digital and passionate about shaping the quickly evolving world of online advertising.
43	Google	Strategy and Operations Manager, Google Marketing Solutions	Mountain View, CA, United States	description-section:  Responsibilities   Partner with GMS Leadership to identify strategic execution opportunities, generate business plans, ensure smooth frontline execution and collaboration with central/partner teams. Serve as a thought leader on growth opportunities to Executive Leadership and Partner teams. Ideate and execute global projects for improving organization effectiveness and productivity. Collaborate with regional/global Small and Medium Business (SMB) Revenue teams, Sales Operations, Google Technical Services, Marketing, HR, Sales/Finance and PR teams as needed to drive critical initiatives to success. Manage and collaborate on Business Reviews and other executive presentations, in conjunction with executive SMB Sales Leadership.   Qualifications  Minimum qualifications: 8 years of relevant work experience. Experience in Project and Operational Management. Preferred qualifications: MBA or Master's degree in related field. Experience in Consulting and/or Corporate Strategy. Demonstrated ability to lead complex strategic initiatives. Effective problem-solving skills, with the ability to analyze complex data sets and manage, influence and persuade others without direct authority. Excellent business acumen, analytical and executive communication skills. ;description-section text: Note: By applying to this position your application is automatically submitted to the following locations: New York, NY, USA; Chicago, IL, USA; San Francisco, CA, USA;description-section text with-benefits: The Business Strategy & Operations organization provides business critical insights using analytics, ensures cross functional alignment of goals and execution, and helps teams drive strategic partnerships and new initiatives forward. We stay focused on aligning the highest-level company priorities with strong day-to-day operations, and help evolve early stage ideas into future-growth initiatives. As a Google Marketing Solutions (GMS) Strategy and Operations Manager, you're responsible for strategic planning for future growth and smooth regional operations that spread across global GMS. You will identify opportunities for future growth and create and implement plans to achieve it, working closely with work with global leadership teams and cross-functional partners. You'll have exposure to leaders at all levels of our organization as you overcome challenges that will unlock our growth. You will develop and present recommendations to GMS leadership, and work across various offices, time zones and hemispheres. When our millions of advertisers and publishers are happy, so are we! Our Google Marketing Solutions (GMS) team of entrepreneurial, enthusiastic and client-focused members are the "human face" of Google, helping entrepreneurs both individually and broadly build their online presence and grow their businesses. We are dedicated to growing the unique needs of advertising companies. Our teams of strategists, analysts, advisers and support specialists collaborate closely to spot and analyze customer needs and trends. Together, we create and implement business plans broadly for all types of businesses.
44	Google	Analytical Lead, Platforms Solutions	Chicago, IL, United States	description-section:  Responsibilities   Support the growth of DoubleClick and Google Analytics through analysis of data. Develop forward thinking, data-driven recommendations that align with client marketing objectives. Develop custom recommendations that consolidate multiple client data workflows to reflect a unified view of the customer. Partner with Digital Media Managers, Sales and Sales Operations to develop and test tools, templates and frameworks to streamline and scale client analyses. Collaborate with the team to educate and train clients/agencies on how to best architect and optimize DoubleClick and Google Analytics.   Qualifications  Minimum qualifications: BA/BS degree in Statistics or equivalent practical experience. 5 years of experience in marketing consultancy or digital media. Preferred qualifications: Experience managing digital advertising campaigns for clients with experience in online measurement, operations, ad networks, exchanges, demand-side platforms, digital video, mobile and Google platforms. Experience building dynamic dashboards in spreadsheets or interactive data products (Tableau, etc). Demonstrated familiarity with CRM systems (Salesforce, etc) as well as BI tools and data warehouses. Ability to independently manage a storyboard and to determine best in class data visualization using spreadsheets, slide presentations and interactive data products (Tableau, etc). ;description-section text: Note: By applying to this position your application is automatically submitted to the following locations: New York, NY, USA; Chicago, IL, USA; San Francisco, CA, USA;description-section text with-benefits: Businesses that partner with Google come in all shapes, sizes and market caps, and no one Google advertising solution works for all. Your knowledge of online media combined with your communication skills and analytical abilities shapes how new and existing business grow. Using your influencing and relationship-building skills, you provide Google-caliber client service, research and market analysis. You anticipate how decisions are made, persistently explore and uncover the business needs of Google's key clients and understand how our range of product offerings can grow their business. Working with them, you set the vision and the strategy for how their advertising can reach thousands of users.Our Large Customer Sales teams partner closely with many of the world’s biggest advertisers and agencies to develop digital solutions that build strong businesses and brands. We enjoy a bird’s eye view on the massive transformation occurring as advertising shifts to mobile and online platforms. We're uniquely situated to help shape how companies grow their businesses in the digital age. We advise clients on Google's broad range of products across search, video and mobile to help them connect instantly and seamlessly with their audiences.
45	Google	Analytical Consultant, Shopping	Hamburg, Germany	description-section:  Responsibilities   Develop smart, integrated, research-based proposals and presentations to enhance Google's reputation with clients as a consultant and partner. Use your comprehensive knowledge of Google's products to align them with clients' marketing objectives. Acquire and share deep knowledge of the customers industry, competitive landscapes, client products and key business issues that affect the client and industry. Develop new marketing collateral using industry, marketing and third-party research. Utilize measurement tools to add relevant, trustworthy data to presentations and proposals. Share expertise and best practices back and forth between customers, colleagues and internal specialist communities.   Qualifications  Minimum qualifications: BA/BS degree or equivalent practical experience. Experience in data analysis and marketing (product, direct and/or offline). Ability to speak and write in English and German fluently and idiomatically. Preferred qualifications: Experience building and automating reporting dashboards. Experience in SQL, databases and database manipulation. Demonstrable experience in consulting, sales support, online marketing or data analysis. Experience with complex spreadsheets/analysis and putting together C-level presentations. Experience with Google Shopping (Feed Management and Campaign structures). Ability to work effectively in fast-paced environments with effective time-management and prioritization skills. ;description-section text: Note: By applying to this position your application is automatically submitted to the following locations: Berlin, Germany; Munich, Germany; Hamburg, Germany;description-section text with-benefits: Businesses that partner with Google come in all shapes, sizes and market caps, and no one Google advertising solution works for all. Your knowledge of online media combined with your communication skills and analytical abilities shapes how new and existing business grow. Using your influencing and relationship-building skills, you provide Google-caliber client service, research and market analysis. You anticipate how decisions are made, persistently explore and uncover the business needs of Google's key clients and understand how our range of product offerings can grow their business. Working with them, you set the vision and the strategy for how their advertising can reach thousands of users. As a Shopping Analyst you will be a thought leader on Google’s fast growing Shopping products which are part of our wider search business. This is a great opportunity to work on significant growth areas within Google’s wider search business and become a trusted partner to our customers when it comes to how they plan, implement and optimize these products. You will have knowledge of both the industry and the ecosystem on which these products are built. You will form strong external partnerships with multiple businesses to maximize success for your customers. You will have the ability to manage multiple stakeholders and develop solutions for customers that adapt to their chosen method of working with Google.  You will also work with a broad range of internal teams to deliver great customer support for our customers and are driven to make people emphasize their experiences talking to Google. You have excellent interpersonal skills and are analytically minded, self-motivated, detail oriented and skilled at solving issues and explaining complex issues. In this role you will work closely with a highly skilled Shopping community across EMEA to develop deep expertise in this area.  Among your many attributes, you are analytical but practical, persuasive, self-starting, a team player, and skilled at solving problems and explaining complex issues. You possess excellent communication and presentation skills at the senior level, as well as the ability to work closely and constructively with all areas of the business. Our Large Customer Sales teams partner closely with many of the world’s biggest advertisers and agencies to develop digital solutions that build strong businesses and brands. We enjoy a bird’s eye view on the massive transformation occurring as advertising shifts to mobile and online platforms. We're uniquely situated to help shape how companies grow their businesses in the digital age. We advise clients on Google's broad range of products across search, video and mobile to help them connect instantly and seamlessly with their audiences.
46	Google	Programmatic Account Strategist (English, Dutch)	Dublin, Ireland	description-section:  Responsibilities   Contribute to best practice guide documents; socialize scenarios that adversely impact performance and follow process guidelines. Be a team player by participating in knowledge sharing, identifying process gaps, and assisting on projects that improve the team’s performance. Monitor and optimize campaigns in order to maximize advertiser ROI. Perform detailed campaign performance analysis and provide recommendations to boost performance. Identify new opportunities for clients to increase business growth. Identify and solve client issues proactively and creatively.   Qualifications  Minimum qualifications: BA/BS degree or equivalent practical experience. Experience with ad networks, exchanges and overall programmatic landscape. Ability to speak in English and Dutch fluently and idiomatically Preferred qualifications: Experience with the display ecosystem of ad networks, DSPs, first and third party audience targeting and technology, online measurement, ad operations, and Google display ad buying delivery and measurement platforms. Ability to manage auction-based display campaigns across DoubleClick Bid Manager and Google Display Network for complex clients focused on performance goals. Ability to demonstrate measurable impact of campaign strategy, and to deliver customer-focused results in a competitive environment. Ability to quickly complete large volumes of high-quality work and to work collaboratively with multiple stakeholders internally. Effective communication, analytical, and technical skills, with a strong understanding of the digital display marketplace and good attention to detail. ;description-section text: Note: By applying to this position your application is automatically submitted to the following locations: Berlin, Germany; Munich, Germany; Hamburg, Germany;description-section text with-benefits: Businesses that partner with Google come in all shapes, sizes and market caps, and no one Google advertising solution works for all. Your knowledge of online media combined with your communication skills and analytical abilities shapes how new and existing business grow. Using your influencing and relationship-building skills, you provide Google-caliber client service, research and market analysis. You anticipate how decisions are made, persistently explore and uncover the business needs of Google's key clients and understand how our range of product offerings can grow their business. Working with them, you set the vision and the strategy for how their advertising can reach thousands of users. The Google Technical Services Ads team is a solution-generating force that helps our Sales teams and advertisers. These solutions need to be scalable to support millions of customers worldwide. In addition to troubleshooting on the customer side, we work with Sales, Product and Engineering teams within Google to develop better tools and services to improve our products based on the evolving needs of our users. As a Programmatic Account Strategist, you'll work closely with our Sales team to understand our advertisers’ performance goals and help them to meet their digital marketing campaign objectives. You are customer and results-focused, and you will leverage your analytical skills, technical aptitude, and digital advertising experience to closely monitor and optimize campaigns, providing our clients with valuable insights and recommendations.Google Technical Services is a global support and operations team, with a mission to delight our customers with care so good, it’s got to be Google. Our team is the face of Google to most of our customers, and we want their Google support experience to set new standards, just like Google’s products do. Our team cares for customers by solving problems and scaling solutions, incubating new Google products, and sharing user feedback with internal teams to influence product development. We support a wide variety of products, from Ads to Project Fi and just about everything in between, and our customers include advertisers, consumers, partners, publishers, retailers, and our own Sales Googlers.
47	Google	Programmatic Account Manager	Mexico City, Mexico	description-section:  Responsibilities   Maintain deep relationships with the client base. Identify new opportunities for clients to increase advertiser efficiency and to provide detailed account analyses; ensure that our advertisers are satisfied with their performance goals. Leverage account management, relationship building and planning to further develop existing relationships and business. Share continuous product updates and beta opportunities that will enhance current media capabilities, leading to incremental media dollars shifting to programmatic channels. Provide project management support across Google Technical Services teams for troubleshooting, optimization and advanced analytics support. Take complete responsibility for performance of campaigns under your watch and serve as a consultant to top agencies. Manage expectations transparently and constructively.   Qualifications  Minimum qualifications: BA/BS degree or equivalent practical experience. Experience managing digital advertising campaigns for clients with experience in online measurement, operations, ad networks, demand-side platforms (DSPs), digital video, and Google platforms. Preferred qualifications: Experience on Business Intelligence, Data Analysis, Business Insights Discovery, SQL Queries, Data Preparation, Visualization and Ingestion. Ability to demonstrate measurable impact of campaign strategy and deliver customer-focused results in a competitive environment. Strong familiarity with online media buying and selling processes and a base knowledge of DSPs, SSPs, and Ad Exchanges. Strong understanding of the Latam agency landscape. Excellent communicator, detail oriented, analytical mindset, technical aptitude with a strong understanding of the digital display marketplace. ;description-section text: Note: By applying to this position your application is automatically submitted to the following locations: Berlin, Germany; Munich, Germany; Hamburg, Germany;description-section text with-benefits: Businesses that partner with Google come in all shapes, sizes and market caps, and no one Google advertising solution works for all. Your knowledge of online media combined with your communication skills and analytical abilities shapes how new and existing business grow. Using your influencing and relationship-building skills, you provide Google-caliber client service, research and market analysis. You anticipate how decisions are made, persistently explore and uncover the business needs of Google's key clients and understand how our range of product offerings can grow their business. Working with them, you set the vision and the strategy for how their advertising can reach thousands of users.New Product Solutions is the link between Google’s Product and Sales organizations. We turn product innovations into client solutions that enable our customers to get the most out of Google’s advertising products and the web. We partner with Sales team members in building the strongest commercial strategy, and we equip customer-facing Googlers with essential product expertise. We are fascinated by all things digital and passionate about shaping the quickly evolving world of online advertising.
48	Nest	Software Engineer, Tools and Infrastructure - iOS	Palo Alto, CA, United States	description-section:  Responsibilities   Maintain deep relationships with the client base. Identify new opportunities for clients to increase advertiser efficiency and to provide detailed account analyses; ensure that our advertisers are satisfied with their performance goals. Leverage account management, relationship building and planning to further develop existing relationships and business. Share continuous product updates and beta opportunities that will enhance current media capabilities, leading to incremental media dollars shifting to programmatic channels. Provide project management support across Google Technical Services teams for troubleshooting, optimization and advanced analytics support. Take complete responsibility for performance of campaigns under your watch and serve as a consultant to top agencies. Manage expectations transparently and constructively.   Qualifications  Minimum qualifications: BA/BS degree or equivalent practical experience. Experience managing digital advertising campaigns for clients with experience in online measurement, operations, ad networks, demand-side platforms (DSPs), digital video, and Google platforms. Preferred qualifications: Experience on Business Intelligence, Data Analysis, Business Insights Discovery, SQL Queries, Data Preparation, Visualization and Ingestion. Ability to demonstrate measurable impact of campaign strategy and deliver customer-focused results in a competitive environment. Strong familiarity with online media buying and selling processes and a base knowledge of DSPs, SSPs, and Ad Exchanges. Strong understanding of the Latam agency landscape. Excellent communicator, detail oriented, analytical mindset, technical aptitude with a strong understanding of the digital display marketplace. ;description-section text: Note: By applying to this position your application is automatically submitted to the following locations: Berlin, Germany; Munich, Germany; Hamburg, Germany;description-section text with-benefits: Are you passionate about applying technologies that make an impact? At Nest you'll have the opportunity to shape the consumer electronics business, join a world class engineering team, and help revolutionize the next unloved device in our homes. With hundreds of thousands of Nest customers touching our apps daily to make their homes and their families safer, more comfortable, and more energy efficient; our apps receive global visibility, both internally and externally. Nest’s Application Integration Engineering team is looking for strong Software Engineer, Tools & Infrastructure candidates to develop automation and tools driven validation strategies , adopt and broaden the automation toolset, and implement integration efforts to ensure we have the highest quality devices, services, and Mobile iOS applications for our customers. Engineers in this role will have the opportunity to bring their knowledge and understanding about Mobile applications on iOS technology.  The work:  Lead/contribute to engineering efforts from planning and organization to execution and delivery, to solve complex engineering problems in the development life cycle of Nest production iOS apps and development apps  Design and build tooling and infrastructure to help engineering teams measure and increase their velocity and productivity  Build test tools that will improve the efficiency and test coverage of Nest iOS Apps  Design and build test automation, tools and release solutions that are compatible with Nest's iOS development cycle  Drive adoption of best practices in code health, testing and maintainability across Nest iOS products and Nest software/hardware stack  Analyze and decompose complex software systems with cross-functional collaboration influencing other stakeholders to improve the overall design  Minimum qualifications:  B.S in Computer Science or equivalent  1+ years of experience in software development and/or software tools and infrastructure on iOS using any of the iOS Automation tools  1+ years of development experience coding in Objective-C, Swift, or Xcode  Preferred qualifications:  Strong communicator with a proven track record of working collaboratively on complex projects  Experience with one or more general purpose programming languages including but not limited to: Java, C/C++, Python  Experience with building automation using XCTest, XCUITest  Knowledge of iOS development techniques and practices  Knowledge of the iOS SDK performance tools and optimization techniques  Experience writing automation code and developing tools  Strong background in any one or more of functional, performance, load, stress, security and integration testing 
49	Google	Cross-Functional Programs Manager, Go-to-Market, Google Cloud	Singapore	description-section:  Responsibilities   Drive cross-functional integration of plans, OKRs, operational initiatives across Marketing, Developer Relations, Demand Generation and other Cloud teams to ensure lock-step movement towards our goals. Identify and manage integration mechanisms and initiatives with broader Google across Ads, Play, etc. Identify, structure, and lead/work on key strategic initiatives and business programs (e.g, driving sales productivity/performance, Go-to-Market for strategic partnerships, etc). Participate in and help steer global initiatives as appropriate and ensure that they are rolled out effectively to the team. Lead and manage global projects within and across teams.   Qualifications  Minimum qualifications: BA/BS degree or equivalent practical experience. 6 years of experience in Management Consulting, Investment Banking, Corporate Strategy, or equivalent project management experience in a technology/media company. Preferred qualifications: Demonstrated business acumen, with the ability to navigate and influence stakeholders within a complex business environment. Knowledge of cloud technologies, products and market landscape. Ability to pay attention to detail while handling multiple, simultaneous projects in a fast-paced environment. Distinctive communication, facilitation, problem-solving and project management skills. ;description-section text: Note: By applying to this position your application is automatically submitted to the following locations: Berlin, Germany; Munich, Germany; Hamburg, Germany;description-section text with-benefits: The Go-to-Market Strategy and Operations organization partners with Sales and other cross functional leads within JAPAC to provide thoughtful, business critical insights, ensure alignment of goals and execution, and helps teams drive strategic partnerships and new initiatives going forward. We stay focused on aligning the highest-level company priorities with executable short and long term strategies coupled with strong day-to-day operations, and help evolve early stage ideas into future-growth initiatives.  As a Cross-Functional Programs Manager for Google Cloud, you will use your leadership skills, business acumen and creativity to drive for better business decisions, and partner with senior leadership within Sales and other critical cross functions to implement these initiatives/decisions. In doing so, you will have the opportunity to materially impact one of the fastest growing businesses in the industry. Reporting to the Head of Cloud Go-to-Market Operations in APAC, you will be confident working independently in a fast-paced, constantly evolving global executive environment.Google Cloud helps millions of employees and organizations empower their employees, serve their customers, and build what’s next for their business — all with technology built in the cloud. Our products are engineered for security, reliability and scalability, running the full stack from infrastructure to applications to devices and hardware. And our teams are dedicated to helping our customers — developers, small and large businesses, educational institutions and government agencies — see the benefits of our technology come to life.
50	Google	Product Marketing Manager, Google Cloud	Sunnyvale, CA, United States	description-section:  Responsibilities   Serve as an internal advocate for assigned products. Build inspiring cloud assets that satisfy customers. Work and collaborate with other Marketing and Engineering functions to define and deliver the Cloud technology value proposition. Drive awareness of Google Cloud in the market and engage with key influencers. Identify, develop and/or manage the creation of a variety of content types( written, videos, presentations) as needed to drive business growth and marketing success.   Qualifications  Minimum qualifications: BA/BS degree in a technical or marketing field or equivalent practical experience. Experience building creative assets and marketing content. Preferred qualifications: Experience planning and executing multiple, complex marketing programs including budget management. Experience working collaboratively across multiple Engineering and Marketing teams. Demonstrated ability as a product or technology advocate. Effective communication and organizational skills. ;description-section text: Note: By applying to this position your application is automatically submitted to the following locations: Berlin, Germany; Munich, Germany; Hamburg, Germany;description-section text with-benefits: Google is developing groundbreaking cloud solutions for companies, leveraging years of experience in building secure, reliable, and scalable cloud technology. With strong Google differentiation in data analytics and machine learning, security, application development and collaboration software, we’re well on our way -- but we need more people who can help us write, tell, and sell that story. If you’re as excited about building what’s next as we are, Google Cloud is the place for you. As a Product Marketing Manager for Google Cloud, you're a storyteller, crafting compelling and visionary narratives about our products, services and solutions and taking them to market in creative ways. With influence over product roadmaps, messaging, and sales plays--and as an external-facing presence in the industry--you’re an indispensable part of the ultimate success of Google Cloud.  In this role, you’ll be responsible for building out and communicating our product value to internal and external audiences. This means making our solution and product value propositions real through the creation of product narratives, technology showcases and hands-on experiences, and working to scale our messages and technical content through a range of different channels. Product Marketing serves as subject matter experts across the broader marketing organization and is the go-to place for expertise and engineering/product management connection.  You know how to use data to provoke interest and tell a story. You are equally comfortable building compelling product narratives as you are collaborating with industry influentials and analysts. You have the ability to analyze and diagnose complex technical and business challenges, formulate out of the box solutions, and influence engineering in product roadmap and investment areas.  In this role, you’ll be responsible for driving marketing programs for one of our product areas within Google Cloud. You have and will continue to build a strong technical aptitude, leadership skills and business acumen. You will be able to generate high-impact ideas, clearly prioritize workloads, manage multiple projects simultaneously and drive them to completion.Google Cloud helps millions of employees and organizations empower their employees, serve their customers, and build what’s next for their business — all with technology built in the cloud. Our products are engineered for security, reliability and scalability, running the full stack from infrastructure to applications to devices and hardware. And our teams are dedicated to helping our customers — developers, small and large businesses, educational institutions and government agencies — see the benefits of our technology come to life.
51	Nest	Android Applications Engineer	Kirkland, WA, United States	description-section:  Responsibilities   Serve as an internal advocate for assigned products. Build inspiring cloud assets that satisfy customers. Work and collaborate with other Marketing and Engineering functions to define and deliver the Cloud technology value proposition. Drive awareness of Google Cloud in the market and engage with key influencers. Identify, develop and/or manage the creation of a variety of content types( written, videos, presentations) as needed to drive business growth and marketing success.   Qualifications  Minimum qualifications: BA/BS degree in a technical or marketing field or equivalent practical experience. Experience building creative assets and marketing content. Preferred qualifications: Experience planning and executing multiple, complex marketing programs including budget management. Experience working collaboratively across multiple Engineering and Marketing teams. Demonstrated ability as a product or technology advocate. Effective communication and organizational skills. ;description-section text: Note: By applying to this position your application is automatically submitted to the following locations: Berlin, Germany; Munich, Germany; Hamburg, Germany;description-section text with-benefits: With hundreds of thousands of Nest customers touching our apps daily to make their homes and their families safer, more comfortable, and more energy efficient, every member of our team has an opportunity to make a BIG impact and know that the apps they develop will receive lots of visibility, both internally and externally. The work:  Work with a small team of top-tier developers who are designing great user experiences and building truly great applications for Android devices  Participate in scrums consisting of cross functional teams, both software and hardware  Ensure that features are being delivered efficiently and on-time  In addition to code contribution, you will also participate in architectural review and design  Collaborate with our world-class design team to help deliver the fantastic user experiences that our users expect from Nest  Minimum qualifications:  5+ years work experience as a software engineer or relevant experience  3+ yrs of experience in developing native Android Applications  Preferred qualifications:  Deep understanding of Java/Android application development  Proven track record of shipping software and successfully  released apps on Google Play (please include names and links on your resume)  Strong attention to detail on every line of code, every unit test, and every commit message  Comfortable with rapid development cycles and tight schedules  We love when engineers send us a link to their Github and/or StackOverflow accounts, technical blog, or links to apps they've shipped 
52	Google	Transformation Lead (India), Mobile Sites	Mumbai, India	description-section:  Responsibilities   Consult with customers to provide data-driven User Experience (UX) recommendations to improve the performance of their website/app. Liaise with account management teams and customers to track progress and impact. Train and lead a community of in-market product experts. Travel to supported markets where appropriate. Scale adoption across all relevant markets. Support Performance team on analytics and metric tracking, and recommend business goals for the regions. Lead initiatives and drive core cross-functional projects, including working with Developer Relations, Google Technical Services, Sales Finance, Sales Operations and other members of the Performance Solutions team.   Qualifications  Minimum qualifications: 5 years of experience in web design, app design, user experience, website development, Android development, product marketing or product management.Experience in UX A/B Testing. Experience in HTML, CSS, AMP and PWA. Experience in consultative business development and solution sales management. Experience being a product manager on front end projects in consumer-facing companies Preferred qualifications: Experience in influencing across functions and countries, and in managing virtual teams within a large organization. Experience working with e-commerce companies or performance advertisers. Demonstrated strategic and analytical capability, balanced with creativity and readiness to roll-up sleeves to drive success and impact. Demonstrated technical skills in mobile, with the ability to address our complex product offerings and to translate them simply for partners and customers. Demonstrated leadership skills, with the ability to communicate research, conceptual ideas and design rationale, all within a user-centered design process. Results-driven individual, with the ability to lead complex operational and strategic cross-functional initiatives. ;description-section text: Note: By applying to this position your application is automatically submitted to the following locations: Gurugram, Haryana, India; Mumbai, Maharashtra, India; Bengaluru, Karnataka, India;description-section text with-benefits: Businesses that partner with Google come in all shapes, sizes and market caps, and no one Google advertising solution works for all. Your knowledge of online media combined with your communication skills and analytical abilities shapes how new and existing business grow. Using your influencing and relationship-building skills, you provide Google-caliber client service, research and market analysis. You anticipate how decisions are made, persistently explore and uncover the business needs of Google's key clients and understand how our range of product offerings can grow their business. Working with them, you set the vision and the strategy for how their advertising can reach thousands of users. The Performance team is an exciting customer-facing team whose mission is to accelerate performance of complex and/or emerging Google solutions in media and measurement. We work with Large Customer Sales (LCS) Account Managers and Specialists, Go-to-Market (GTM), Product, Google Technical Services and the Operational Efficiency team to incubate complex new products, opportunities and betas, building proof points and best practices, and helping to determine the best way to scale into partner teams. We achieve this by providing specialist consultancy to some of our most strategic customers across our most complex areas.  In this role, you will act as an expert in Mobile User Experience, building critical skills for the success of online businesses. Your job will be to analyze customer web assets, deep dive into their analytics data, identify areas for improvements on their website, and help them to deploy improvements that will drive enhanced performance. You will also play a key role in scaling this expertise to other specialist teams. Our Large Customer Sales teams partner closely with many of the world’s biggest advertisers and agencies to develop digital solutions that build strong businesses and brands. We enjoy a bird’s eye view on the massive transformation occurring as advertising shifts to mobile and online platforms. We're uniquely situated to help shape how companies grow their businesses in the digital age. We advise clients on Google's broad range of products across search, video and mobile to help them connect instantly and seamlessly with their audiences.
53	Google	Software Engineer	Portland, OR, United States	description-section:  Responsibilities   Write server-side code for web-based applications, create robust high-volume production applications and develop prototypes. Build platforms, systems and networking infrastructure using background in distributed systems, OS/kernel, network system design and large scale storage systems. Build internal systems used by thousands of Googlers around the world with your domain expertise in HR, Staffing, Legal and all other corporate functions. Provide UI development with AJAX and similar technologies, client application development for Windows/Mac (Chrome, Toolbar, etc.), embedded systems and mobile apps (Android), developer tools (IDEs, large-scale build systems, compilers) and internationalization.   Qualifications  Minimum qualifications: BA/BS degree in Computer Science or related technical field or equivalent practical experience. 1 year of relevant work experience. Experience programming in C, C++ and/or Java. Experience architecting and developing large scale distributed systems. Experience in concurrency, multithreading and synchronization.  Preferred qualifications: Master's degree in Computer Science or related technical field. Experience with large systems software design and development, with extensive knowledge of Unix/Linux. Skills in AJAX, Python or JavaScript, database design, SQL and/or knowledge of TCP/IP and network programming. Background in Computer Science, with competencies in data structures, algorithms and software design. ;description-section text: Note: By applying to this position your application is automatically submitted to the following locations: Gurugram, Haryana, India; Mumbai, Maharashtra, India; Bengaluru, Karnataka, India;description-section text with-benefits: Google's software engineers develop the next-generation technologies that change how billions of users connect, explore, and interact with information and one another. Our products need to handle information at massive scale, and extend well beyond web search. We're looking for engineers who bring fresh ideas from all areas, including information retrieval, distributed computing, large-scale system design, networking and data storage, security, artificial intelligence, natural language processing, UI design and mobile; the list goes on and is growing every day. As a software engineer, you will work on a specific project critical to Google’s needs with opportunities to switch teams and projects as you and our fast-paced business grow and evolve. We need our engineers to be versatile, display leadership qualities and be enthusiastic to tackle new problems across the full-stack as we continue to push technology forward.With your technical expertise you manage individual projects priorities, deadlines and deliverables. You design, develop, test, deploy, maintain, and enhance software solutions. Google is and always will be an engineering company. We hire people with a broad set of technical skills who are ready to take on some of technology's greatest challenges and make an impact on millions, if not billions, of users. At Google, engineers not only revolutionize search, they routinely work on massive scalability and storage solutions, large-scale applications and entirely new platforms for developers around the world. From AdWords to Chrome, Android to YouTube, Social to Local, Google engineers are changing the world one technological achievement after another.
54	Google	Product Marketing Manager, Small and Medium Business (Southeast Asia)	Singapore	description-section:  Responsibilities   Drive the Marketing strategy in Southeast Asia to acquire and retain mid-market users, driving product adoption and business growth for Google. Collaborate with the New Business Sales team to drive campaigns and targets within individual markets. Innovate and develop best practices for B2B product acquisition at Google by working closely with local Marketing Managers. Engage external vendors across lead sourcing and enrichment, telemarketing and events management. Communicate effectively with Thai, Vietnamese, Indonesian or Filipino speaking clients. Contribute to communication of marketing strategy to senior/executive management in the region and to the broader organization.   Qualifications  Minimum qualifications: BA/BS degree or equivalent practical experience. 4 years of experience in marketing, SMB sales, consulting or a related field. Experience managing complex projects in a matrix organization. Experience influencing cross functional stakeholders and external partners.  Preferred qualifications: MBA or Master's degree. Experience working with and knowledge of small and medium companies in Southeast Asia/APAC, understanding their needs and challenges. Experience managing partners or third parties in commercial and operational activities. Ability to think strategically, analyze complex challenges, execute effectively, and deliver high quality projects against deadlines. Skilled communicator with strong written/verbal communication and interpersonal skills. Fluency in one or more Southeast Asian languages (Thai, Vietnamese, Indonesian, Filipino, etc). ;description-section text: Note: By applying to this position your application is automatically submitted to the following locations: Gurugram, Haryana, India; Mumbai, Maharashtra, India; Bengaluru, Karnataka, India;description-section text with-benefits: As a Marketing manager, you are a fully dedicated business leader, shaping the future of one of our many Google products. Whether you're on a consumer product (like Gmail, Search, Maps, Chrome, Android) or a business product (AdWords, AdSense, DoubleClick, Analytics), you take part in a complete marketing experience as you lead every facet of the product's journey. From determining positioning, naming, competitive analysis, feature prioritization and external communications, you help shape the voice of the product and help it grow a loyal consumer base. This means you work with a cross-functional team across sales, corporate communications, legal, webmasters, product development, engineering and more. In this role, you'll be involved with product marketing strategy from beginning to end. The Small and Medium Business (SMB) Marketing team is responsible for bringing new AdWords advertisers into the franchise. We leverage traditional direct marketing channels, third party channels, as well as innovative alternative channels to reach prospective advertisers. The team focuses on Small and Medium Businesses (SMBs) and plays a leadership role in Google’s efforts to reach out to and serve the small business community. Our goals are specific and significant – quantity and quality of new advertisers, supporting Google’s overall growth.  In this role, you will be leading one of our core SMB Marketing programs, focused on identifying, warming and acquiring advertising partners. You will work on all aspects of the program including strategy, planning, and execution, with a goal of supporting sales teams in driving advertising business from large advertisers and agencies. This will involve analyzing market opportunities, finding innovative ways to engage decision makers, building cost-effective initiatives, educating prospective customers on our products, developing and communicating market insights about consumers and industries, promoting Google's business brand and equipping sales teams with the information and tools they need to effectively promote our products. Beyond collaborating closely with the sales teams, you will coordinate and guide the efforts of other Product Marketing Managers on Southeast Asia country teams, contributing to the goals of the program and working with other cross-functional teams including PR and Policy.Know the user. Know the magic. Connect the two. At its core, marketing at Google starts with technology and ends with the user, bringing both together in unconventional ways. Our job is to demonstrate how Google's products solve the world's problems--from the everyday to the epic, from the mundane to the monumental. And we approach marketing in a way that only Google can--changing the game, redefining the medium, making the user the priority, and ultimately, letting the technology speak for itself.
55	Google	Sales Insights Analyst, Google Marketing Solutions	Mountain View, CA, United States	description-section:  Responsibilities   Work closely with Sales and Product expert teams to understand the business intelligence and insights needs of all end users; from representatives on the sales floor to the executive leadership team. Communicate insights on a regular basis to the appropriate level of management. Iteratively design and prototype dashboards to provide insights at scale that support client go-to-market strategies. Provide thought leadership to the GMS Revenue organization, translating big data into actionable insights and supporting targeted business activities, including opportunities for product, program and process improvement with a focus on driving significant business growth.   Qualifications  Minimum qualifications: BA/BS degree or equivalent practical experience. 2 years of experience analyzing data and using database query language (e.g. SQL, etc). Preferred qualifications: Experience working with senior Directors/VP-level partners. Demonstrated record of thought leadership in applying data-driven models that have had a tangible impact on sales and marketing operations across international markets. Demonstrated Adwords product knowledge. Solid project management skills, with the ability to handle multiple projects simultaneously and to tight deadlines in a fast-paced and dynamic environment. Distinctive problem solving and analysis skills, combined with strong effective judgment and communication skills ;description-section text: Note: By applying to this position your application is automatically submitted to the following locations: Gurugram, Haryana, India; Mumbai, Maharashtra, India; Bengaluru, Karnataka, India;description-section text with-benefits: The Business Strategy & Operations organization provides business critical insights using analytics, ensures cross functional alignment of goals and execution, and helps teams drive strategic partnerships and new initiatives forward. We stay focused on aligning the highest-level company priorities with strong day-to-day operations, and help evolve early stage ideas into future-growth initiatives. The GMS insights team powers Google’s high growth GMS Revenue organization. We deliver actionable business intelligence and insights at scale, through cross functional analytical investigations that shape how we serve Google's small and mid-market clients. As a Sales Insight Analyst, you'll have demonstrated technical skills, and will be equally comfortable working with executive-level sales associates as you are with central team leaders. You will be responsible for delivering critical insights that thousands of our partners and associates use every day in order to make decisions about how to plan their portfolio, prepare to pitch to a client, and measure their performance. You will also provide analytical thought leadership to our leaders, delivering insights that enable them to make sound decisions about where to invest product, sales and marketing efforts, covering new advertiser acquisitions, existing account growth, and partner strategies for our small and mid-market client base.Sales Operations is the global team that makes sure Google's complex and ever-evolving business runs smoothly. Experts in leading process improvements and consistency, team members are analytical and strategic with a pragmatic sense of how to get things done. They develop global initiatives and set high-level goals to improve productivity.
56	Google	Operations Engineer	Lenoir, NC, United States	description-section:  Responsibilities   Contribute and lead efforts/projects in the deployment, maintenance, and support of current and new data center infrastructure. Lead complex troubleshooting and resolve critical or escalated technical issues over a significant population of affected equipment. Help test and troubleshoot new, complex server hardware components and designs. Configure and troubleshoot Linux OS-related issues on our servers. Participate actively in on-call rotations to support our data center infrastructure, which may include occasional after hours, weekends and national holiday shift work. Lead and take part in the development and of processes and documentation for new areas of work or knowledge. Mentor, train and guide new team members.   Qualifications  Minimum qualifications:  BA/BS degree or equivalent practical experience. Experience with networking hardware and infrastructure. Preferred qualifications: Experience in understanding and executing oral and written instructions, and learning via training documentations and presentations. Ability to communicate, verbally and in writing, clearly and with transparently in English, keeping the right people informed of relevant issues. Advanced understanding/experience in hardware architecture, maintenance and repair. Advanced Linux skills, including installation, systems administration and troubleshooting. Advanced networking knowledge, including topology and protocol understanding. Demonstrated understanding of the networking hardware infrastructure at a high level. Strong people skills, with experience as a team, project or technical lead. Able to show respect towards Googlers and work as a team member, collaborating and partnering with others to resolve conflicts or address an issue. Able to adapt to changes in a dynamic work environment. ;description-section text: Note: By applying to this position your application is automatically submitted to the following locations: Gurugram, Haryana, India; Mumbai, Maharashtra, India; Bengaluru, Karnataka, India;description-section text with-benefits: The Hardware Operations team is responsible for monitoring, maintaining and deploying the state-of-the-art physical infrastructure behind Google's powerful search technology. As an Operations Engineer, you'll deploy and maintain Google's advanced Data Center Server and Network Infrastructure. You'll also participate in or lead local project teams on larger installations and develop project contingency plans. In this role, duties range from the physical deployment of data center-related technology to working closely with the various stakeholders. It will fall to you to ensure that our goals, missions and projects are successfully delivered, and, more importantly, that they are repeatable across our global array of data centers. This position offers a great introduction to the wider engineering world at Google. Depending of your area of interest, capabilities, and geographical mobility, you will have the opportunity to develop either within Hardware Operations or move towards software development, engineering, networking operations or our project management groups. Behind everything our users see online is the architecture built by the Technical Infrastructure team to keep it running. From developing and maintaining our data centers to building the next generation of Google platforms, we make Google's product portfolio possible. We're proud to be our engineers' engineers and love voiding warranties by taking things apart so we can rebuild them. We're always on call to keep our networks up and running, ensuring our users have the best and fastest experience possible.
57	YouTube	Vendor Manager, Global Vendor Operations, YouTube	Dublin, Ireland	description-section:  Responsibilities   Manage the overall performance of the user support vendor workforce in terms of CSAT, cost, quality and delivery of service. Ensure user issues are addressed in a timely manner through cross-functional collaboration as well as advocating for the user and driving enhanced user experience. Lead regular business reviews and any vendor relationship management activities. Support vendor selection, agreements and overall vendor operations strategy. Work closely with various internal groups to understand business requirements, implement new processes, and contribute to ongoing process improvements.   Qualifications  Minimum qualifications: BA/BS degree or equivalent practical experience. Industry experience in contact center management or management consulting in one of the following areas: internet technology, online search, eCommerce, online payments or online advertising/publishing. Experience in people management. Experience leading mentoring and motivating large operations teams. Experience in business strategy and planning. Preferred qualifications: MBA, MS or other advanced degree. Experience achieving strategic goals through cross functional interaction with sales, marketing, finance, product development and other functions. Ability to influence cross-functionally. Excellent program management skills and attention to detail. Excellent leadership, consultation, communication and interpersonal skills. ;description-section text: Note: By applying to this position your application is automatically submitted to the following locations: Gurugram, Haryana, India; Mumbai, Maharashtra, India; Bengaluru, Karnataka, India;description-section text with-benefits: YouTube's user base is growing and changing, which presents unique opportunities and challenges to support over a billion monthly users globally. Fast-paced, dynamic and proactive, the YouTube Support team provides seamless, best-in-class help to our creators, advertisers and viewers on all platforms around the world. Our goal is to ensure users have easy access to comprehensive support when and where they need it and to allow our users’ voices to help shape product solutions. As a member of the Support team, you'll analyze top user and creator issues, work with cross-functional teams to resolve them, and help manage support operations. Whether directly engaging with our biggest creators, surfacing problems to our technical teams, driving analytical insights, or liaising with vendors to provide high-touch support, you'll enhance the YouTube global user experience by driving reach, satisfaction, and resolution. You will be responsible for the operational execution of one or more critical workflows which are operated by vendors within EMEA. You will have have accountability for the performance of the workflows as well as overseeing staffing, SLA adherence and Quality performance.  You will manage vendors, including provisioning/access/permissions and interfacing with internal stakeholders to ensure operations runs smoothly.  You will also be expected to contribute to the long-term operational strategy and support model, outsourcing decision, agreements, vendor selection and continuous improvements of business processes. YouTube has grown into a community used by over 1 billion people across the globe to access information, share video, and shape culture. The YouTube team helps budding creators build careers, creates products like YouTube Kids, YouTube Music, and YouTube Gaming, and engages communities around shared passions and global conversations. Together, we empower the world to create, broadcast, and share.
58	Google	Head of Curriculum and Faculty Strategy	Mountain View, CA, United States	description-section:  Responsibilities   Oversee the curriculum and faculty development strategy for all Director and VP leadership offerings globally. Oversee and continuously improve the curriculum methodology, design and faculty selection and development processes. Ensure the design of all offerings uses insights from key sources such as the Research Incubator, Talent Management, and People Analytics. Drive a standardized approach to assessment across all offerings. Partner with internal, cross-functional groups to ensure a seamless, integrated learning journey which reinforces learning both in the “classroom” and on the job. Create and drive strategy for effectively communicating offerings to People Partners, Leaders, and other stakeholders.   Qualifications  Minimum qualifications: BA/BS degree in Organizational Psychology, Psychology, or other related field, or equivalent practical experience. 10 years of work experience in HR, talent development, and/or executive development designing and delivering senior leader development offerings. 10 years of experience in instructional and curriculum design. People management experience in a matrixed organization. Preferred qualifications: Advanced degree in a relevant field (organizational psychology, adult development, etc.) Experience running leadership centers of excellence and/or corporate universities. Experience building complex learning and development experiences for senior audiences. Experience effectively partnering with, developing, and managing relationships with senior stakeholders. Demonstrated success in a fast-paced, dynamic work environment. Exceptional project and people management skills. ;description-section text: Note: By applying to this position your application is automatically submitted to the following locations: Mountain View, CA, USA; San Francisco, CA, USA; Boulder, CO, USA; New York, NY, USA;description-section text with-benefits: Our PeopleDev team works hard to ensure every Googler has access to the resources they need to become their best personal and professional selves. We leverage tools, technology, and innovative formats to scale learning and support Googlers at all stages of their careers — from Noogler Orientation, to manager training, to leadership development, and more. We have four key beliefs about learning — that it is personal, social, a process, and happens in real life — and we infuse these beliefs throughout the wide array of learning and development opportunities at Google. As a PeopleDev team member, you'll always be thinking about new ways to help others grow, and you share a passion for empowering Googlers to unlock their full potential. As the Curriculum & Faculty Strategy Lead, you’re responsible for the direction of Google’s senior leader learning and development curriculum, including senior leader onboarding processes and programs and the selection and quality of adjunct faculty. You’ll also determine when it’s time to refresh senior leader offerings and create new ones - and determine what they are! You’ll work across People Development to ensure a connected strategy with related work affecting all Googlers.Great just isn't good enough for our People Operations team (you probably know us better as "Human Resources"). Made up of equal parts HR professionals, former consultants and analysts, we're the champions of Google's colorful culture. In People Ops, we "find them, grow them, and keep them" - we bring the world's most innovative people to Google and provide the programs that help them thrive. Whether recruiting the next great Googler, refining our core programs, developing talent or simply looking for ways to inject some more fun into the lives of our Googlers, we bring a data-driven approach that is reinventing the human resources field.
59	Google	Associate, Global Business Strategy	Mountain View, CA, United States	description-section:  Responsibilities   Analyze and determine key insights from key business drivers, competitive environment, trends and operating metrics. Contribute to complex and time-critical projects for leaders by quickly understanding context and developing a prioritized approach for resolution. Execute sophisticated quantitative analyses and advanced modeling that translates data into actionable insights. Communicate initiative findings to senior leadership by preparing polished presentations and identifying key takeaways. Contribute to larger corporate initiatives both on an on-going basis and on an ad-hoc basis.   Qualifications  Minimum qualifications: BA/BS degree or equivalent practical experience. 2 years of experience in Management Consulting, Investment Banking, Corporate Strategy, or equivalent project management experience in a technology/media company. Preferred qualifications: Familiarity with database query, statistical analysis, and/or SQL coding. Outstanding spreadsheet software modeling and presentation software production skills. Effective problem-solving, analytical, communication and interpersonal skills. ;description-section text: Note: By applying to this position your application is automatically submitted to the following locations: Mountain View, CA, USA; San Francisco, CA, USA; Boulder, CO, USA; New York, NY, USA;description-section text with-benefits: The Business Strategy & Operations organization provides business critical insights using analytics, ensures cross functional alignment of goals and execution, and helps teams drive strategic partnerships and new initiatives forward. We stay focused on aligning the highest-level company priorities with strong day-to-day operations, and help evolve early stage ideas into future-growth initiatives. Global Business Strategy (GBS) provides insightful review, perspective, and direction on the strategy and operating performance of Google’s businesses. We are a central team that typically engages on projects and work streams that impact multiple areas of Google’s business. We are integral partners to both our counterparts embedded within business lines and to senior executives across Google’s business organization. We are focused on delivering insights and impact throughout our work.  GBS is part of the Global Go-to-Market organization that makes sure Google's complex business is pursuing the best strategy and executing flawlessly. Team members are experts in business strategy and operations, analytical and strategic, yet highly pragmatic and results-oriented.  As an Associate in GBS, you'll work on projects that impact the business performance of Google. You are highly experienced at structuring ambiguous problems, leading analytical work streams, applying sound business judgment and communicating complex issues effectively. In doing so, you will manage small teams within GBS, collaborate with your counterparts in the various business lines, and present to senior executives within Google more broadly. The Go-to-Market Operations (GtM) team ensures Google's complex and ever-evolving Ads business runs smoothly. We are instrumental in setting go-to-market strategy, and ensuring flawless execution and operations against the strategy. We have teams embedded in each of the major Ads business areas as well as global teams that work across the business areas. Team members are analytical and strategic, with a pragmatic sense of how to get things done.
60	Google	Hardware Emulation Engineer, Bring-up and Prototyping Team	Sunnyvale, CA, United States	description-section:  Responsibilities  Create and support emulation models from RTL.Drive system bring-up on emulation platforms, debug test failures and simulation/emulation mismatches.Bring up external interfaces (e.g., USB, PCIe, Ethernet, etc.) on the emulation platforms.Develop and operate tests on the emulators and in post-silicon validation and assist in bring-up processes from prototyping through post-silicon validation.Create standalone test cases for tool issues encountered in the emulation compile and runtime flows.  Qualifications  Minimum qualifications:Bachelor's degree in Electrical Engineering or related technical field or equivalent practical experience.Experience with RTL design, Verilog and simulation (VCS, Incisive, Questa), and System Verilog (DPI and transactors), assertions.Experience in hardware emulation and/or FPGA-based platforms and tools, including synthesis and timing closure.Programming/scripting experience (e.g., C, C++, Perl, TCL, Python), and experience with debug tools (e.g., Verdi, SimVision, GDB).Preferred qualifications:MS degree in Electrical Engineering or related field.8 years of industry experience.Experience in simulation acceleration using transactors and/or vendor provided accelerated verification IP.Experience in performance analysis/debug techniques.Experience in a lab environment, doing hands-on ASIC bringup and test development.Lab equipment familiarity such as O-scopes and logic analyzers.Good understanding of computer architecture including industry standard interfaces and memory subsystems;description-section text: Note: By applying to this position your application is automatically submitted to the following locations: Mountain View, CA, USA; San Francisco, CA, USA; Boulder, CO, USA; New York, NY, USA;description-section text with-benefits: Our computational challenges are so big, complex and unique we can't just purchase off-the-shelf hardware, we've got to make it ourselves. Your team designs and builds the hardware, software and networking technologies that power all of Google's services. As a Hardware Emulation Engineer, you design and build the systems that are the heart of the world's largest and most powerful computing infrastructure. You develop from the lowest levels of circuit design to large system design and see those systems all the way through to high volume manufacturing. Your work has the potential to shape the machinery that goes into our cutting-edge data centers affecting millions of Google users.In this role, you will help design, verify and deploy ASIC projects through emulation based prototyping. Having a successful prototyping campaign helps to ensure success of these critical projects. However, as designs continue to increase in size and complexity, emulation becomes even more important in meeting verification and bring-up milestones. You will work directly with other emulation prototyping team members as well as designers, DV engineers and software teams to deliver emulation based prototyping capabilities for our ASIC projects. This may include compiling projects targeting our prototyping platforms, debugging issues in both infrastructure and design, and assisting in the hardware and lab bring-up and verification of our ASIC systems.Behind everything our users see online is the architecture built by the Technical Infrastructure team to keep it running. From developing and maintaining our data centers to building the next generation of Google platforms, we make Google's product portfolio possible. We're proud to be our engineers' engineers and love voiding warranties by taking things apart so we can rebuild them. We're always on call to keep our networks up and running, ensuring our users have the best and fastest experience possible.
61	Google	Tools and Systems Portfolio Program Manager, Google Cloud	Sunnyvale, CA, United States	description-section:  Responsibilities   Manage the prioritization of a broad portfolio of systems, tools, process and strategy initiatives in support of enterprise focused business systems. Manage project and work stream dependencies and optimize for constraints. Create weekly project status and executive reporting, lead regular portfolio reviews with senior stakeholders from the business, technical and cross-functional teams. Work closely with members of the global Google Cloud business and extended teams to identify and build solutions and processes that are optimized using industry best-practices. Establish metrics, templates and governance for programs including KPIs, and track progress and dependencies.   Qualifications  Minimum qualifications: BA/BS degree or equivalent practical experience. 8 years of experience in a Management Consulting, Corporate Strategy or Product/Program/Portfolio Management role. Experience working with SQL. Preferred qualifications: Experience working on systems-focused sales strategy with a passion for technology and an ability to identify new opportunities for efficiency and productivity. Effective resolution and consultation skills to resolve disputes effectively, bringing a problem-solving attitude to conflicting approaches and priorities involving others. Comfort with data manipulation, reporting and quantitative analysis. ;description-section text: Note: By applying to this position your application is automatically submitted to the following locations: Mountain View, CA, USA; San Francisco, CA, USA; Boulder, CO, USA; New York, NY, USA;description-section text with-benefits: Google Cloud teams work with schools, companies, and government agencies to make them more productive, mobile and collaborative. You will oversee all aspects of the Google Cloud sales process, improving it with your insightful data analysis, troubleshooting, and seamless cross-functional teamwork. Your strategies ensure that companies new to Google products get the highest quality customer support and that the Google Cloud program overall is kept on the cutting edge. You work directly with Google Cloud executives and leadership team to manage the organization’s selling systems and strategy initiatives. You will be responsible for leading a portfolio of projects working with key stakeholders from business and engineering to deliver projects to support Google Cloud’s growing business. In this role, you'll partner closely with the Google Cloud Technology and Solution (GTS) organization, Corporate Engineering and business leadership and stakeholders from Marketing, Sales Operations, Field Sales, Partnerships and Support.  You are a strategic thinker with excellent business acumen who can leverage an understanding of sales processes from Lead to Support to guide decision making, solve problems, provide analytical insight and business judgment to support strategic and tactical initiatives across the Cloud organization.Google Cloud helps millions of employees and organizations empower their employees, serve their customers, and build what’s next for their business — all with technology built in the cloud. Our products are engineered for security, reliability and scalability, running the full stack from infrastructure to applications to devices and hardware. And our teams are dedicated to helping our customers — developers, small and large businesses, educational institutions and government agencies — see the benefits of our technology come to life.
62	Nest	iOS Applications Engineer	Kirkland, WA, United States	description-section:  Responsibilities   Manage the prioritization of a broad portfolio of systems, tools, process and strategy initiatives in support of enterprise focused business systems. Manage project and work stream dependencies and optimize for constraints. Create weekly project status and executive reporting, lead regular portfolio reviews with senior stakeholders from the business, technical and cross-functional teams. Work closely with members of the global Google Cloud business and extended teams to identify and build solutions and processes that are optimized using industry best-practices. Establish metrics, templates and governance for programs including KPIs, and track progress and dependencies.   Qualifications  Minimum qualifications: BA/BS degree or equivalent practical experience. 8 years of experience in a Management Consulting, Corporate Strategy or Product/Program/Portfolio Management role. Experience working with SQL. Preferred qualifications: Experience working on systems-focused sales strategy with a passion for technology and an ability to identify new opportunities for efficiency and productivity. Effective resolution and consultation skills to resolve disputes effectively, bringing a problem-solving attitude to conflicting approaches and priorities involving others. Comfort with data manipulation, reporting and quantitative analysis. ;description-section text: Note: By applying to this position your application is automatically submitted to the following locations: Mountain View, CA, USA; San Francisco, CA, USA; Boulder, CO, USA; New York, NY, USA;description-section text with-benefits: Millions of Nest customers touch our apps daily to make their homes and their families safer, more comfortable, and more energy efficient. Every member of our team has an opportunity to make a big impact knowing that the apps they develop will receive lots of visibility, both internally and externally.The work:  Work with a small team of top-tier developers who are designing great user experiences and building truly great applications for iOS devices  Participate in scrums consisting of cross functional teams, both software and hardware  Ensure that features are being delivered efficiently and on-time  In addition to code contribution, you will also participate in architectural review and design  Minimum qualifications:  5+ years work experience as a software engineer, or relevant experience  Preferred qualifications:  Deep understanding of iOS application development in Obj-C or Swift  Proven track record of shipping software and successfully  released apps on App Store (please include names and links on your resume)  Experience with best in class software engineering practices (e.g. unit testing, code reviews, design documentation)  Strong attention to detail on every line of code, every unit test, and every commit message  We love when engineers send us a link to their GitHub and/or Stack Overflow accounts, technical blog, or links to apps they've shipped 
63	Google	Programmatic Account Manager, Agency	Chicago, IL, United States	description-section:  Responsibilities   Articulate programmatic media value proposition to clients focused on traditional digital media channels. Lead customized onboarding process for accounts shifting from managed service to self service. Build and maintain knowledge of DoubleClick Bid Manager (DBM). Manage the media strategy and optimize campaigns directly when needed. Share continuous product updates and beta opportunities that will enhance current media capabilities, leading to incremental media dollars shifting to programmatic channels. Manage support across Google Technical Services teams for troubleshooting, optimization and advanced analytics support.   Qualifications  Minimum qualifications: BA/BS degree or equivalent practical experience. 3 years of experience in advertising sales, marketing, consulting and/or media. Preferred qualifications: Experience in online advertising campaign optimization. Familiarity with online media buying and selling processes and a base knowledge of DSPs, SSPs, and Ad Exchanges. Demonstrated ability to operate flexibility in exercising judgement in a dynamic environment. Ability to work collaboratively in a team setting, both internally and externally. Demonstrated strategic and analytical sales approach. ;description-section text: Note: By applying to this position your application is automatically submitted to the following locations: Mountain View, CA, USA; San Francisco, CA, USA; Boulder, CO, USA; New York, NY, USA;description-section text with-benefits: Businesses that partner with Google come in all shapes, sizes and market caps, and no one Google advertising solution works for all. Your knowledge of online media combined with your communication skills and analytical abilities shapes how new and existing business grow. Using your influencing and relationship-building skills, you provide Google-caliber client service, research and market analysis. You anticipate how decisions are made, persistently explore and uncover the business needs of Google's key clients and understand how our range of product offerings can grow their business. Working with them, you set the vision and the strategy for how their advertising can reach thousands of users.Our Large Customer Sales teams partner closely with many of the world’s biggest advertisers and agencies to develop digital solutions that build strong businesses and brands. We enjoy a bird’s eye view on the massive transformation occurring as advertising shifts to mobile and online platforms. We're uniquely situated to help shape how companies grow their businesses in the digital age. We advise clients on Google's broad range of products across search, video and mobile to help them connect instantly and seamlessly with their audiences.
64	Nest	Emerging Markets Business Development Manager - Security - Pro Channel	Austin, TX, United States	description-section:  Responsibilities   Articulate programmatic media value proposition to clients focused on traditional digital media channels. Lead customized onboarding process for accounts shifting from managed service to self service. Build and maintain knowledge of DoubleClick Bid Manager (DBM). Manage the media strategy and optimize campaigns directly when needed. Share continuous product updates and beta opportunities that will enhance current media capabilities, leading to incremental media dollars shifting to programmatic channels. Manage support across Google Technical Services teams for troubleshooting, optimization and advanced analytics support.   Qualifications  Minimum qualifications: BA/BS degree or equivalent practical experience. 3 years of experience in advertising sales, marketing, consulting and/or media. Preferred qualifications: Experience in online advertising campaign optimization. Familiarity with online media buying and selling processes and a base knowledge of DSPs, SSPs, and Ad Exchanges. Demonstrated ability to operate flexibility in exercising judgement in a dynamic environment. Ability to work collaboratively in a team setting, both internally and externally. Demonstrated strategic and analytical sales approach. ;description-section text: Note: By applying to this position your application is automatically submitted to the following locations: Mountain View, CA, USA; San Francisco, CA, USA; Boulder, CO, USA; New York, NY, USA;description-section text with-benefits: The Emerging Markets Business Development Manager is an integral position on the Nest Pro team focused on driving sales for Nest’s family of smart home products in the security industry across the US. The Nest Professional Channel team is a diversified, high-powered, self enabled, and extremely motivated team of business development professionals. Located remotely across North America this team is focused on guiding professional trades to take advantage of Nest’s industry leading smart home technology. Nest is focused on creating the "Thoughtful Home" and we are paving the way for distributors, installers, and builders to enter the smart home space. Nest’s innovative products and leading brand offer channel partners a unique avenue to grow their businesses through differentiation, brand positioning and marketing.  We are looking for someone who understands the potential opportunities that smart and connected products provide monitoring stations, security dealers, and security distributors to help them grow their business and take advantage of the growing smart trade. The ideal candidate has a proven track record of actively driving sales impact and influence across the region and established relationships in the security industry are a plus. If you love creating your own opportunities and feel like you are ready to work with the leading company in the smart home, then this may be the right team for you. The work: Grow sales of Nest and Works With Nest products within Nest’s Professional channel through the Security industry including dealers, distributors, monitoring stations, and industry partners  Develop and implement a go to market strategy to drive aggressive sales growth and Nest product adoption across the US  Leverage Nest’s integration with iView now to promote the benefits of video verification to dealers to help promote Nest camera products and increase RMR for the dealer  Manage and build relationships with Security channel partners including distribution, dealers, monitoring stations, and partners  Manage manufacturer’s rep firms across the country to help drive sales growth through distribution  Create and implement sales and marketing programs across the country that drive Nest sales adoption  Identify, recruit, and convert new business through security channel distribution and dealers  Explore and create new business opportunities for Nest Pro to continue to expand its security channel footprint  Meet with and influence installers, distributors, builders and developers to drive Nest product adoption  Effectively communicate the benefits of Nest’ innovative products and brand through strong presentation skills utilized in trade shows, trainings and channel partner events  Ability to travel nationally up to 75% Minimum qualifications: BA/BS degree or equivalent experience  3+ years of previous experience working in a sales or business development role Preferred qualifications: Currently located in Austin, Chicago, and Atlanta but flexible on location  Self starter who is hungry and determined  Experience in the security industry with a level of networked relationships  Thrives in a fast paced aggressive sales environment  Ability to effectively collaborate with team members and influence customers while being remote  Strong organizational and time management skills  Experience selling or working with top level executives while also having the ability and desire to relate with trade professionals  Experience working with smart and connected products  Familiarity with Google slides, Google sheets, Google docs, and Gmail 
65	Nest	Web Applications Engineering Internship - 2018 Summer Nestling Program	Palo Alto, CA, United States	description-section:  Responsibilities   Articulate programmatic media value proposition to clients focused on traditional digital media channels. Lead customized onboarding process for accounts shifting from managed service to self service. Build and maintain knowledge of DoubleClick Bid Manager (DBM). Manage the media strategy and optimize campaigns directly when needed. Share continuous product updates and beta opportunities that will enhance current media capabilities, leading to incremental media dollars shifting to programmatic channels. Manage support across Google Technical Services teams for troubleshooting, optimization and advanced analytics support.   Qualifications  Minimum qualifications: BA/BS degree or equivalent practical experience. 3 years of experience in advertising sales, marketing, consulting and/or media. Preferred qualifications: Experience in online advertising campaign optimization. Familiarity with online media buying and selling processes and a base knowledge of DSPs, SSPs, and Ad Exchanges. Demonstrated ability to operate flexibility in exercising judgement in a dynamic environment. Ability to work collaboratively in a team setting, both internally and externally. Demonstrated strategic and analytical sales approach. ;description-section text: Note: By applying to this position your application is automatically submitted to the following locations: Mountain View, CA, USA; San Francisco, CA, USA; Boulder, CO, USA; New York, NY, USA;description-section text with-benefits:  With hundreds of thousands of Nest customers touching our apps daily to make their homes and their families safer, more comfortable, and more energy efficient, every member of our team has an opportunity to make a BIG impact and know that the apps they develop will receive lots of visibility, both internally and externally.If you’re passionate about good design, itching to build truly great web applications and work with a top-notch engineering team, this is your ticket! As a Web Applications Intern, projects may include implementing high-level user interfaces, optimizing the user experience, developing new and innovative features, fixing problems and troubleshooting, and enhancing product performance.  Minimum qualifications:  Currently pursuing a Bachelor’s, Master’s, or Ph.D. in Engineering, Computer Science, Math, or related technical field  Preferred qualifications:  Experience developing web applications  Understanding of Javascript, CSS3, HTML5, and web application frameworks  A passion and curiosity for creating and building things  The ability to thrive in a collaborative team  Strong communication skills 
66	Nest	Hardware Test Station Engineer	Taipei, Taiwan	description-section:  Responsibilities   Articulate programmatic media value proposition to clients focused on traditional digital media channels. Lead customized onboarding process for accounts shifting from managed service to self service. Build and maintain knowledge of DoubleClick Bid Manager (DBM). Manage the media strategy and optimize campaigns directly when needed. Share continuous product updates and beta opportunities that will enhance current media capabilities, leading to incremental media dollars shifting to programmatic channels. Manage support across Google Technical Services teams for troubleshooting, optimization and advanced analytics support.   Qualifications  Minimum qualifications: BA/BS degree or equivalent practical experience. 3 years of experience in advertising sales, marketing, consulting and/or media. Preferred qualifications: Experience in online advertising campaign optimization. Familiarity with online media buying and selling processes and a base knowledge of DSPs, SSPs, and Ad Exchanges. Demonstrated ability to operate flexibility in exercising judgement in a dynamic environment. Ability to work collaboratively in a team setting, both internally and externally. Demonstrated strategic and analytical sales approach. ;description-section text: Note: By applying to this position your application is automatically submitted to the following locations: Mountain View, CA, USA; San Francisco, CA, USA; Boulder, CO, USA; New York, NY, USA;description-section text with-benefits:  The work:  Work with the Nest cross-functional teams to develop best in class consumer products  Lead the development of testing methodologies for both new and existing Nest core value-added technologies  Own and drive the development of new factory testers: from initial concept, FMEA, design, validation, through to bring-up  Collaborate with hardware, software, sensor, and other teams to define production test coverage requirements  Work with Nest and OEM engineering teams to enable efficient tester bring-up through clear processes, guidance, and automation efforts  Develop and implement across Nest and our contract manufacturers testing best practices including but not limited to validation methodologies, debug procedures, and statistical controls  Assist in test station SW implementation and debug in new product prototype stage  Oversee contract manufacturer and third party test fixture vendor efforts  Minimum qualifications:  BA/BS degree in engineering or equivalent practical experience  5+ years of industry experience in testing and metrology methods for mass production  3+ years of consumer electronics industry experience  Preferred qualifications:  Strong English communication: verbal and written  Strong hardware/fixture debug skills, with basic software debug experience  Experience with developing test equipment for mass production  Experience with product and equipment calibration  Understand statistical process and quality control principles and be capable to apply statistical analysis methods to raw data sets  Ability to multi-task, and work independently with a hands-on approach to problem solving  Experience working with OEMs in both a lab and factory environment  Verbal Mandarin language skills a plus  Ability to travel internationally (<20%) 
67	Nest	Software Engineer, Tools and Infrastructure - Nest Communications	Palo Alto, CA, United States	description-section:  Responsibilities   Articulate programmatic media value proposition to clients focused on traditional digital media channels. Lead customized onboarding process for accounts shifting from managed service to self service. Build and maintain knowledge of DoubleClick Bid Manager (DBM). Manage the media strategy and optimize campaigns directly when needed. Share continuous product updates and beta opportunities that will enhance current media capabilities, leading to incremental media dollars shifting to programmatic channels. Manage support across Google Technical Services teams for troubleshooting, optimization and advanced analytics support.   Qualifications  Minimum qualifications: BA/BS degree or equivalent practical experience. 3 years of experience in advertising sales, marketing, consulting and/or media. Preferred qualifications: Experience in online advertising campaign optimization. Familiarity with online media buying and selling processes and a base knowledge of DSPs, SSPs, and Ad Exchanges. Demonstrated ability to operate flexibility in exercising judgement in a dynamic environment. Ability to work collaboratively in a team setting, both internally and externally. Demonstrated strategic and analytical sales approach. ;description-section text: Note: By applying to this position your application is automatically submitted to the following locations: Mountain View, CA, USA; San Francisco, CA, USA; Boulder, CO, USA; New York, NY, USA;description-section text with-benefits:  Are you passionate about applying technologies that make an impact? At Nest you'll have the opportunity to shape the consumer electronics business, join a world class engineering team, and help revolutionize the next unloved device in our homes.  Nest’s Communications Integration Engineering team is looking for a strong Software Engineer, Tools & Infrastructure to develop: automation and tools driven validation strategies, adopt and broaden the automation toolset, and accelerate integration efforts. This role also involves developing infrastructure for automated testing and analysis. Software Engineers in this role will have the opportunity to bring their knowledge and understanding; and further gain a breadth of knowledge in embedded systems, sensor technology, machine learning, state machine design, and cloud communication.  The work:  Design and build tooling and extensible test infrastructure to help engineering teams measure and increase their velocity and productivity  Automate tests for embedded software systems to cover new and existing features  Collaborate with senior engineers through the entire software development lifecycle to solve complex engineering problems in tools and testing  Analyze and decompose complex software systems with cross-functional collaboration influencing other stakeholders to improve the overall design  Minimum qualifications:  A Bachelor’s degree in Computer Science, Computer Engineering, Electrical Engineering, or equivalent practical experience  3+ years experience with software application testing and debugging  3+ years experience with test automation  3+ years experience with UNIX, Linux, or OS X  3+ years programming experience with Python or C/C++  Demonstrate good coding style and practices  Preferred qualifications:  Master’s degree in Computer Science, Computer Engineering, Electrical Engineering, or equivalent practical experience  Detail oriented and able to work independently  Automation framework development and/or maintenance experience with Python  Proven track record of improving QA efficiency through test automation and tools  Hands-on experience in testing of individual blocks of a software solution  Comfortable working with embedded applications  Experience with debugging tools and techniques 
68	Google	Account Strategist, Mid-Market Sales (French)	Dublin, Ireland	description-section:  Responsibilities   Deliver against assigned strategic goals consistently, while prioritizing and delivering outstanding customer sales experience to Google's advertisers. Implement creative ways to improve our customer relationships, tailor and share performance-enhancing suggestions and promote other Google products. Communicate with customers proactively via meetings/Hangouts, phone and email. Provide strategic advice and help our advertisers to get the best ROI by working closely in a consultative role with them. Share and collaborate with Specialists, Engineers, and Product team members on new feature development through your direct exposure to Mid-Market advertisers.   Qualifications  Minimum qualifications:  BA/BS degree or equivalent practical experience. Experience in advertising sales, customer support, account management, marketing or consulting. Ability to speak and write in English and French fluently and idiomatically. Preferred qualifications: Experience in working towards strategic goals. Demonstrated record in managing and customizing experience to a client portfolio. Proven ability to multi-task and manage multiple projects at a time while paying strict attention to detail. Proactive, independent worker with the demonstrated capacity to lead, motivate and work well with others. ;description-section text: Note: By applying to this position your application is automatically submitted to the following locations: Mountain View, CA, USA; San Francisco, CA, USA; Boulder, CO, USA; New York, NY, USA;description-section text with-benefits: Businesses that partner with Google come in all shapes, sizes and market caps, and no one Google advertising solution works for all. Your knowledge of online media combined with your communication skills and analytical abilities shapes how new and existing business grow. Using your influencing and relationship-building skills, you provide Google-caliber client service, research and market analysis. You anticipate how decisions are made, persistently explore and uncover the business needs of Google's key clients and understand how our range of product offerings can grow their business. Working with them, you set the vision and the strategy for how their advertising can reach thousands of users. Consulting with a wide variety of existing Medium-sized Business advertisers, you are committed to finding the optimal advertising solution for each client. Your interest in sales and the digital economy and your entrepreneurial drive enables SMB advertisers to expand their businesses with Google's latest advertising products and solutions.When our millions of advertisers and publishers are happy, so are we! Our team of entrepreneurial, enthusiastic and client-focused team members are the “human face” of Google, helping entrepreneurs both individually and broadly build their online presence and grow their businesses. We are laser-focused on the unique needs of small- and medium-sized businesses -- businesses that often serve an exclusively local audience. Our teams of strategists, analysts, advisers and support specialists collaborate closely to spot and analyze customer needs and trends. Together, we create and implement business plans broadly for small businesses of every stripe.
69	Google	Staffing Content Specialist, Diversity and Inclusion	San Francisco, CA, United States	description-section:  Responsibilities   Identify opportunities for staffers to build their understanding of diversity, equity, and inclusion. Partner with PeopleDev, LearningNav, and EDII to design a development journey, through the lens of diversity, equity, and inclusion, for the full staffer lifecycle. This includes both standalone trainings and integration of diversity, equity, inclusion mindsets, language and principles into all existing and new staffer trainings. Partner with EDII and the Hiring Innovation team to ensure the diversity, equity, and inclusion related content in staffing trainings is aligned with interviewer training to promote common language and mindsets. Ensure the resources designed to support staffer development (FAQ docs, candidate talking points, etc.) stay relevant and are well socialized.   Qualifications  Minimum qualifications: BA/BS degree or equivalent practical experience. 2 years of experience in learning and development. 1 year of experience in the diversity, equity or inclusion space or with related projects. Preferred qualifications: Experience building a training roadmap, specifically in the diversity and inclusion space. Ability to work in a fast-paced, constantly evolving environment. Ability to influence across multiple teams. Demonstrated high attention to detail and strong operational expertise. ;description-section text: Note: By applying to this position your application is automatically submitted to the following locations: San Francisco, CA, USA; Chicago, IL, USA; Mountain View, CA, USA; New York, NY, USA;description-section text with-benefits: Google's known for our innovative technologies, products and services -- and for the people behind them. Whether you are making our staffing systems more efficient, planning for our growth, building relationships on college campuses or cultivating the next generation of computer scientists, you have an eye on the staffing needs of Google and the broader hiring landscape. You are focused on cultivating outstanding candidates for Google's long-term hiring needs, and you are the glue that ties together a cross-functional and international group of staffing teams. You are both scrappy and resourceful, creative and driven -- and excited to share the magic of working at Google. As a Staffing Content Specialist focused on diversity, equity and inclusion, you will leverage your knowledge of learning and development best practices and exceptional execution skills to ensure our staffing organization is equipped to build a truly diverse and inclusive Google. In this specialist role, you will partner with members of the Staffing organization, PeopleDev (our Learning and Development organization), and EDII (Equity, Diversity, Inclusion, and Integrity team) to ensure that staffers have access to the relevant trainings and resources, and are developing their own expertise to become practitioners of inclusive sourcing and hiring practices. Great just isn't good enough for our People Operations team (you probably know us better as "Human Resources"). Made up of equal parts HR professionals, former consultants and analysts, we're the champions of Google's colorful culture. In People Ops, we "find them, grow them, and keep them" - we bring the world's most innovative people to Google and provide the programs that help them thrive. Whether recruiting the next great Googler, refining our core programs, developing talent or simply looking for ways to inject some more fun into the lives of our Googlers, we bring a data-driven approach that is reinventing the human resources field.
70	Google	Strategic Partner Lead, Strategic Partnerships, Greater China (English, Chinese Mandarin)	Shanghai, China	description-section:  Responsibilities   Leverage insight on technology trends and network of relationships to formulate high impact partnership opportunities that advance Google’s initiatives and relationships in Greater China Develop engagement strategies across all of Google for strategic relationships and act as the primary point of contact/enabler for a select number of strategic partners Become an expert on each partners’ organization, business model, and strategic priorities Influence cross-functional executive decision making, identify/solve problems, and lead partnership explorations/negotiations with partners Foster and manage executive relationships between Google and strategic partners   Qualifications  Minimum qualifications: Bachelor's degree or equivalent practical experience. 6 years of experience in business development, finance, and/or experience in corporate development or strategy roles. Experience working with senior executives. Ability to speak and write English and Chinese Mandarin fluently and idiomatically. Preferred qualifications: Experience formulating company strategy, and developing and closing strategic partnerships A deep understanding of the industry's issues, a vision for its growth, and a commitment to advance Google's forward-looking strategies within the region. Ability to analyze strategic/complex issues and formulate a path for advancement. Ability to operate with enthusiasm and flexibility in a fast-paced, constantly evolving and collaborative environment. Entrepreneurial self-starter with effective analytical, communication, presentation and negotiation skills. ;description-section text: For immediate consideration, please send a text (ASCII), HTML, PDF or DOC version of your resume in English to jobs@google.com. Important: The subject field of your email must include Strategic Partner Lead, Strategic Partnerships, Greater China (English, Chinese Mandarin) - Beijing or Shanghai.Note: By applying to this position your application is automatically submitted to the following locations: Beijing, China; Shanghai, China;description-section text with-benefits: Businesses that partner with Google come in all shapes, sizes and market caps, and no one Google advertising solution works for all. Your knowledge of online media combined with your communication skills and analytical abilities shapes how new and existing business grow. Using your influencing and relationship-building skills, you provide Google-caliber client service, research and market analysis. You anticipate how decisions are made, persistently explore and uncover the business needs of Google's key clients and understand how our range of product offerings can grow their business. Working with them, you set the vision and the strategy for how their advertising can reach thousands of users. The opportunities for Google to enter into high impact collaborations with partners in Greater China are constantly growing. As Strategic Partner Lead on the Strategic Partnerships team, you will have the unique opportunity to build long-lasting relationships with our top partners in the region and jointly explore and execute mutually beneficial partnerships. You will seek to bring the best solutions across Google to partners, and at the same time be the authority on how Google can better serve its users through partnerships.  Within Google’s Global Business and Operations team, the Strategic Partnerships team has the unique mandate of managing our most complex and high profile relationships. The team coordinates across Google’s various product areas as well as technical and commercial teams to ensure consistent and results-driven engagement with strategic partners.  Leveraging your deep understanding of global technology / economic developments, partner-specific knowledge, entrepreneurial nature and intuitive strategic thinking, you will contribute to Google’s strategy in the region by influencing cross-functional executive decision making. You will lead an internal community of stakeholders to inform your perspective and identify areas for engagement. You will be deeply analytical, understand policy and regulatory implications, and be sensitive to underlying shifts in the competitive landscape to be able to solve complex problems. You will work to develop engagement strategies across all of Google for our strategic relationships while at the same time leading and executing high priority product and commercial partnerships. The regional Partner Business Solutions (PBS) teams work directly with large partners to develop monetization strategies for their online content. Our partners represent publishing, entertainment and commerce companies as well as other emerging verticals. We are in a unique and exciting position to shape the digital alignment of marketing and business strategies as our products evolve. We work with Google's broad range of partner solutions including AdSense, DoubleClick Platform Solutions and the Ad Exchange, across mobile, display, and video formats, helping our partners and their audiences get the most out of the web.
71	Google	Mobile Apps Consultant, Online Partnerships Group (Russian)	Dublin, Ireland	description-section:  Responsibilities   Accelerate partner business by identifying growth solutions while leveraging the value of the Google platform for app developers. Build trusted relationships with partners and develop an extensive understanding of their business challenges in a pulse-type interaction model. Empower app developers by utilizing Google’s latest technologies to scale and distribute their apps, drive user engagement, and maximize their ROI. Develop and/or participate in scalable and innovative cross-functional projects that help fuel application developers' growth. Promote new products or features that will have a positive impact on partner businesses.   Qualifications  Minimum qualifications:  BA/BS degree or equivalent practical experience. Experience with App development and/or App monetization. Ability to speak and write in English and Russian fluently and idiomatically. Preferred qualifications: Publisher yield management/ad operations and sales/account management experience. Knowledge of, or a keen interest in, the App media landscape, industry trends, and technologies. Self-driven and detail-oriented with the ability to prioritize, plan and organize activity. A passion for applications, digital technology, and the tech “start-up” environment. ;description-section text: For immediate consideration, please send a text (ASCII), HTML, PDF or DOC version of your resume in English to jobs@google.com. Important: The subject field of your email must include Strategic Partner Lead, Strategic Partnerships, Greater China (English, Chinese Mandarin) - Beijing or Shanghai.Note: By applying to this position your application is automatically submitted to the following locations: Beijing, China; Shanghai, China;description-section text with-benefits: The Online Partnerships Group (OPG) uses our portfolio of product solutions, including AdSense and DoubleClick tools, to help online publishers grow their businesses. You'll provide creative, industry-leading online advertising solutions for publishers and developers and identify new opportunities. Some of the largest publishers on the web rely on our products and we're always trying to exceed their expectations and strengthen our long-term partner relationships. We help grow Google's business with the largest online publishers and provide account management for users of AdSense, DoubleClick and more. As a Mobile Apps Consultant, you will identify and maximize business growth opportunities with existing and new partners, exceeding their expectations through building and maintaining relationships. Your role also involves taking full responsibility of the market through business development initiatives and driving close collaboration with cross-functional internal teams to address the market challenges and opportunities.  You will be self-driven and passionate, with excellent communication skills, and a proven track record in sales with an analytical approach. You can work effectively in a team and have excellent multi-tasking skills.Google’s Global Partnerships team works with a wide range of partners to bring the best of Google to power their business. The team partners with Publishers and App Developers of all sizes to promote their ad inventory, working with Google's broad range of partner solutions including AdSense, DoubleClick Platform Solutions and the Ad Exchange, across mobile, display, and video formats, helping our partners and their audiences get the most out of the web. In addition, the Partnerships team supports Google’s own product teams with essential partnerships to help power Google’s user experiences in search, maps, travel, shopping, payments and more.
72	Google	Product Marketing Lead, Google Home	London, United Kingdom	description-section:  Responsibilities  Lead Google Home EMEA Marketing as a point of contact for global and local marketing teams as well as regional cross-functional stakeholders.Build the EMEA go-to-market (GTM) strategy. Build GTM frameworks and tools for collaboration. Define and establish pan-EMEA partnerships opportunities to drive awareness and meet goals. Collaborate with global POCs and the marketing insights team to define and execute the regional Insights & Learnings agenda. Coordinate with Partnerships, Business Development, PR and Legal.Enable GTM plan fulfillment. Coordinate launch planning and support product roll-out (Packaging, Positioning, Web Properties). Support local teams on demand generation. Define market research and insights for Google Home. Communicate performance. Align reporting structure and cadence with Hardware-sales, Sales & Operations and local teams. Define pan-EMEA launch best practices.Identify opportunities to develop new marketing channels and/or expand existing channels for growth, improve internal processes and advocate best practices in the marketing organization.Work with key business partners such as Partnerships, PR, Finance and Business Development to align go-to-market strategies, plans and performance tracking.  Qualifications  Minimum qualifications:Bachelor's degree or equivalent practical experience.8 years of marketing experience. Experience at a consumer electronics or consumer goods company, or at a management consulting firm.Project management experience.Experience in product marketing, creative campaign management, partnership management and multi-country product launches.Preferred qualifications:Track record of effectively delivering large-scale and/or multiple projects at one time in fast-moving environments.Demonstrated strong performance in prior roles, with increasing levels of responsibility and independence. Team player.Strong communication skills with the ability to confidently present to senior stakeholders.Distinctive problem solving and analysis skills. Impeccable business judgment.Passionate about new technologies and consumer electronics. Excited about working in a fast-paced environment on the future of entertainment and computing.;description-section text: For immediate consideration, please send a text (ASCII), HTML, PDF or DOC version of your resume in English to jobs@google.com. Important: The subject field of your email must include Strategic Partner Lead, Strategic Partnerships, Greater China (English, Chinese Mandarin) - Beijing or Shanghai.Note: By applying to this position your application is automatically submitted to the following locations: Beijing, China; Shanghai, China;description-section text with-benefits: As a Product Marketing Lead, you are a fully dedicated business leader, shaping the future of one of our many Google products. Whether you're on a consumer product (like Gmail, Search, Maps, Chrome, Android) or a business product (AdWords, AdSense, DoubleClick, Analytics), you take part in a complete marketing experience as you lead every facet of the product's journey. From determining positioning, naming, competitive analysis, feature prioritization and external communications, you help shape the voice of the product and help it grow a loyal consumer base. This means you work with a cross-functional team across sales, corporate communications, legal, webmasters, product development, engineering and more. In this role, you'll be involved with product marketing strategy from beginning to end.As a Product Marketing Lead, you are shaping the future of Google Home in EMEA. You will be responsible for competitive analysis, developing product positioning and helping determine the right go-to-market strategy. You will support product roll-out across countries and partners. You will build go-to market frameworks and tools in alignment with global, cross-functional and local stakeholders. You will contribute to creating user desire and consideration across all steps of the consumer journey. You will support Market Research, drive insights and manage the creation and localization of our scalable marketing assets. You will have significant responsibility for shaping Google Home’s marketing strategy in EMEA. In this role, you will work with a cross-functional team across sales, corporate communications, legal, product development, operations and more. At the same time, you will work with global, regional and local marketing teams.Know the user. Know the magic. Connect the two. At its core, marketing at Google starts with technology and ends with the user, bringing both together in unconventional ways. Our job is to demonstrate how Google's products solve the world's problems--from the everyday to the epic, from the mundane to the monumental. And we approach marketing in a way that only Google can--changing the game, redefining the medium, making the user the priority, and ultimately, letting the technology speak for itself.
73	Nest	Backend Software Engineer- Camera Cloud Services	Palo Alto, CA, United States	description-section:  Responsibilities  Lead Google Home EMEA Marketing as a point of contact for global and local marketing teams as well as regional cross-functional stakeholders.Build the EMEA go-to-market (GTM) strategy. Build GTM frameworks and tools for collaboration. Define and establish pan-EMEA partnerships opportunities to drive awareness and meet goals. Collaborate with global POCs and the marketing insights team to define and execute the regional Insights & Learnings agenda. Coordinate with Partnerships, Business Development, PR and Legal.Enable GTM plan fulfillment. Coordinate launch planning and support product roll-out (Packaging, Positioning, Web Properties). Support local teams on demand generation. Define market research and insights for Google Home. Communicate performance. Align reporting structure and cadence with Hardware-sales, Sales & Operations and local teams. Define pan-EMEA launch best practices.Identify opportunities to develop new marketing channels and/or expand existing channels for growth, improve internal processes and advocate best practices in the marketing organization.Work with key business partners such as Partnerships, PR, Finance and Business Development to align go-to-market strategies, plans and performance tracking.  Qualifications  Minimum qualifications:Bachelor's degree or equivalent practical experience.8 years of marketing experience. Experience at a consumer electronics or consumer goods company, or at a management consulting firm.Project management experience.Experience in product marketing, creative campaign management, partnership management and multi-country product launches.Preferred qualifications:Track record of effectively delivering large-scale and/or multiple projects at one time in fast-moving environments.Demonstrated strong performance in prior roles, with increasing levels of responsibility and independence. Team player.Strong communication skills with the ability to confidently present to senior stakeholders.Distinctive problem solving and analysis skills. Impeccable business judgment.Passionate about new technologies and consumer electronics. Excited about working in a fast-paced environment on the future of entertainment and computing.;description-section text: For immediate consideration, please send a text (ASCII), HTML, PDF or DOC version of your resume in English to jobs@google.com. Important: The subject field of your email must include Strategic Partner Lead, Strategic Partnerships, Greater China (English, Chinese Mandarin) - Beijing or Shanghai.Note: By applying to this position your application is automatically submitted to the following locations: Beijing, China; Shanghai, China;description-section text with-benefits:  The work:  Develop high quality, highly available systems within Nest’s service-oriented architecture  Write clear, maintainable, and performant code  Projects include real time data synchronization, identity management, large-scale data processing frameworks, video streaming, and service endpoints for web, embedded, and mobile clients  Diagnose problems which can only arise in a complex distributed environment  Work cross functionally with Product Marketing, DevOps, and Integration Engineering  Minimum Qualifications:  Bachelor’s degree (or higher) in Computer Science, Mathematics, Statistics, or related field  5+ years of experience with multiple programming languages (e.g., Scala, Java, C/C++, Python, Go) Preferred Qualifications: Experience building high quality distributed systems or backend services  Proficiency in designing, building, and debugging distributed systems  Demonstrated JVM experience  Familiarity with Scala or other functional languages  Familiarity with Python  Familiarity with Go  Familiarity with one or more common web frameworks such as Flask  Comfort with basic cryptographic techniques and security protocols  Comfortable working on Linux-based systems  Experience working with digital video and audio codecs (e.g., H.264, HEVC)  Experience building cloud applications (e.g., AWS, Google Cloud Platform)  A passion and curiosity for creating and building things  5+ years of backend software development experience *LI-DNI
74	Nest	Foundation App Engineer	Boulder, CO, United States	description-section:  Responsibilities  Lead Google Home EMEA Marketing as a point of contact for global and local marketing teams as well as regional cross-functional stakeholders.Build the EMEA go-to-market (GTM) strategy. Build GTM frameworks and tools for collaboration. Define and establish pan-EMEA partnerships opportunities to drive awareness and meet goals. Collaborate with global POCs and the marketing insights team to define and execute the regional Insights & Learnings agenda. Coordinate with Partnerships, Business Development, PR and Legal.Enable GTM plan fulfillment. Coordinate launch planning and support product roll-out (Packaging, Positioning, Web Properties). Support local teams on demand generation. Define market research and insights for Google Home. Communicate performance. Align reporting structure and cadence with Hardware-sales, Sales & Operations and local teams. Define pan-EMEA launch best practices.Identify opportunities to develop new marketing channels and/or expand existing channels for growth, improve internal processes and advocate best practices in the marketing organization.Work with key business partners such as Partnerships, PR, Finance and Business Development to align go-to-market strategies, plans and performance tracking.  Qualifications  Minimum qualifications:Bachelor's degree or equivalent practical experience.8 years of marketing experience. Experience at a consumer electronics or consumer goods company, or at a management consulting firm.Project management experience.Experience in product marketing, creative campaign management, partnership management and multi-country product launches.Preferred qualifications:Track record of effectively delivering large-scale and/or multiple projects at one time in fast-moving environments.Demonstrated strong performance in prior roles, with increasing levels of responsibility and independence. Team player.Strong communication skills with the ability to confidently present to senior stakeholders.Distinctive problem solving and analysis skills. Impeccable business judgment.Passionate about new technologies and consumer electronics. Excited about working in a fast-paced environment on the future of entertainment and computing.;description-section text: For immediate consideration, please send a text (ASCII), HTML, PDF or DOC version of your resume in English to jobs@google.com. Important: The subject field of your email must include Strategic Partner Lead, Strategic Partnerships, Greater China (English, Chinese Mandarin) - Beijing or Shanghai.Note: By applying to this position your application is automatically submitted to the following locations: Beijing, China; Shanghai, China;description-section text with-benefits:  Millions of Nest customers touch our apps daily to make their homes and their families safer, more comfortable, and more energy efficient. Every member of our team has an opportunity to make a big impact knowing that the apps they develop will receive lots of visibility, both internally and externally.  This position can be located in Palo Alto, CA or Boulder, CO.The work:  Work with a small team of top-tier developers who are architecting the foundation of the Nest Apps  Participate in scrums consisting of cross functional teams, both software and hardware  Ensure that features are being delivered efficiently and on-time  In addition to code contribution, you will be expected to write design documents and contribute to architecture reviews  Minimum qualifications:  5+ years work experience as a software engineer, or relevant experience  Preferred qualifications:  Deep understanding of software architecture, design patterns, and test automation  Experience developing SDKs, modular libraries, and services with clean APIs  Desire to solve complex problems with solutions that work cross platform   
75	Google	Associate Account Strategist, Google Marketing Solutions Sales (Greek)	Dublin, Ireland	description-section:  Responsibilities   Implement creative ways to improve our customer relationships, tailor and share online marketing strategy suggestions, and promote other Google products. Communicate with customers proactively via phone and email. Provide strategic advice and help our advertisers get the best experience from their investment by working with them in a consultative role. Deliver against strategic goals consistently, while prioritizing and delivering an outstanding customer sales experience to Google's advertisers.   Qualifications  Minimum qualifications: BA/BS degree or equivalent practical experience. Experience or internship experience in sales, customer support, account management, marketing or consulting. Ability to speak and write in English and Greek fluently and idiomatically. Preferred qualifications: Experience with leading and motivating. Ability to work well with your team and others Demonstrated record in managing and customizing experience to a customer base. Proven ability to multi-task and manage multiple projects at a time while paying attention to detail. Proactive, independent worker who is highly organized and interested in the difference they can make through their individual contribution. Interest in working toward strategic goals. ;description-section text: For immediate consideration, please send a text (ASCII), HTML, PDF or DOC version of your resume in English to jobs@google.com. Important: The subject field of your email must include Strategic Partner Lead, Strategic Partnerships, Greater China (English, Chinese Mandarin) - Beijing or Shanghai.Note: By applying to this position your application is automatically submitted to the following locations: Beijing, China; Shanghai, China;description-section text with-benefits: Consulting with a wide variety of existing advertising companies of all sizes, you are committed to finding the optimal advertising solution for each client. Your interest in sales and the digital economy and your entrepreneurial drive enables brands to expand their businesses with Google's latest advertising products and solutions. Your understanding of online media combined with your commercial know-how shape how new and existing businesses grow. Using your effective communication skills, you are the face of Google to a portfolio of clients whose needs you listen to, and help define the strategy for how their products and services can reach thousands or millions of users.  As a Google Marketing Solutions (GMS) professional, you’ll work with a wide variety of GMS advertisers delivering the optimal advertising solution for each customer. Your entrepreneurial drive and expert product knowledge will enable GMS advertisers to expand their businesses with Google's latest advertising products and solutions.  In this position, you will proactively reach out and position advertising solutions spanning all Google offerings including, but not limited to, Mobile, YouTube, Google Display Network. As a member of a highly engaged team you will bring creativity to grow and transform the business. Working to provide real value for our customers, you will put their success front and center in everything you do.When our millions of advertisers and publishers are happy, so are we! Our Google Marketing Solutions (GMS) team of entrepreneurial, enthusiastic and client-focused members are the "human face" of Google, helping entrepreneurs both individually and broadly build their online presence and grow their businesses. We are dedicated to growing the unique needs of advertising companies. Our teams of strategists, analysts, advisers and support specialists collaborate closely to spot and analyze customer needs and trends. Together, we create and implement business plans broadly for all types of businesses.
76	Google	Associate Product Marketing Manager, SMB Marketing (English, Bahasa Indonesia)	Indonesia	description-section:  Responsibilities   Conduct business analytics to support Marketing strategy. Drive and support strategic projects and initiatives. Identify and develop key marketing operational processes in order to improve overall organizational efficiency and effectiveness. Support executive communication within Marketing and with cross-functional teams.   Qualifications  Minimum qualifications: BA/BS degree or equivalent practical experience. 1 year of work experience in consulting, banking, tech, or a related field. Ability to communicate fluently and idiomatically in English and Bahasa Indonesian. Preferred qualifications: Experience at a management consulting firm, bank, creative agency, brand advertiser, or in another role requiring rigorous analytical problem solving, quantitative analysis, marketing, and communicating findings to senior management. Demonstrated analytical success. Demonstrated capacity for developing and understanding strategy. Penchant for technology, with effective creative and leadership skills. Demonstrated record in developing and initiating programs around internet access or startup acceleration. Ability to translate complex ideas into simple and intuitive communications. Ability to balance deep analytical rigor with actionable insights. ;description-section text: For immediate consideration, please send a text (ASCII), HTML, PDF or DOC version of your resume in English to jobs@google.com. Important: The subject field of your email must include Strategic Partner Lead, Strategic Partnerships, Greater China (English, Chinese Mandarin) - Beijing or Shanghai.Note: By applying to this position your application is automatically submitted to the following locations: Beijing, China; Shanghai, China;description-section text with-benefits: Whether you're on a consumer product (like Gmail, Search, Maps, Chrome, Android) or a business product (AdWords, AdSense, DoubleClick, Analytics), you take part in a complete marketing experience as you lead every facet of the product's journey. From determining positioning, naming, competitive analysis, feature prioritization and external communications, you help shape the voice of the product and help it grow a loyal consumer base. This means you work with a cross-functional team across sales, corporate communications, legal, webmasters, product development, engineering and more. In this role, you'll be involved with product marketing strategy from beginning to end. As an Associate Product Marketing Manager for Indonesia’s Brand and Reputation initiatives, your responsibilities will be to lead Google’s initiatives to accelerate the growth of the digital economy, and to solidify Google’s brand within Indonesia’s digital ecosystem and with the country’s key opinion formers. Your responsibilities will include understanding the digital ecosystem in Indonesia and working with the team to define the right initiatives. You'll then launch programs, build partnerships, and create marketing campaigns to bring these ideas to life. This is a dynamic and entrepreneurial role which will touch upon many different skills in marketing/brand building.Know the user. Know the magic. Connect the two. At its core, marketing at Google starts with technology and ends with the user, bringing both together in unconventional ways. Our job is to demonstrate how Google's products solve the world's problems--from the everyday to the epic, from the mundane to the monumental. And we approach marketing in a way that only Google can--changing the game, redefining the medium, making the user the priority, and ultimately, letting the technology speak for itself.
77	Google	Associate Contracts Manager, Ads and Commerce (non-attorney)	Sunnyvale, CA, United States	description-section:  Responsibilities   Review, draft and negotiate commercial agreements and statements of work. Review advertising, promotional, and marketing materials to provide intellectual property clearance, identify issues with applicable advertising and privacy laws, and vet compliance with company and industry standards. Respond promptly to legal requests from Business Development, Marketing and other clients, summarizing and communicating legal concepts that business people can use. Advise business clients on the legal issues and risks, complex agreement structures, approval processes, company policies and procedures.   Qualifications  Minimum qualifications: Bachelor's degree or equivalent practical experience. 4 years of relevant experience drafting and negotiating commercial contracts. Preferred qualifications: 6 years of relevant experience drafting and negotiating commercial contracts. Experience working as a contracts manager, paralegal or legal assistant. Ability to interpret legal documents, negotiate contracts and work with attorneys to complete agreements. Strong organizational skills. Strong written and verbal communication skills. ;description-section text: For immediate consideration, please send a text (ASCII), HTML, PDF or DOC version of your resume in English to jobs@google.com. Important: The subject field of your email must include Strategic Partner Lead, Strategic Partnerships, Greater China (English, Chinese Mandarin) - Beijing or Shanghai.Note: By applying to this position your application is automatically submitted to the following locations: Beijing, China; Shanghai, China;description-section text with-benefits: With a company growing at such fast speeds, every day another agreement is made to keep Google running. As a member of the Legal Contracts team, you review and revise contracts -- often juggling several at a time. You develop practical and innovative ways to meet Google's needs and keep the company thriving, with the ability to affect Google's long-term goals. Our Ads & Commerce legal group manages legal review for ads-related products and commercial transactions at Google. You will support the team on advertising, sales, operations and marketing commercial transactions across our ads products. The client base includes business development, sales, finance, product and marketing clients across all of Google, meaning that you'll be exposed to numerous product areas throughout Google. You'll also assist with the continuous development of the Legal team and its processes. Diligent and proactive, you bring excellent business judgment and strategic thinking, along with the ability to work independently as well as collaboratively in a collegial, fast-paced team environment. 20th century laws don't always solve 21st century problems, and Google Legal crafts innovative approaches for tackling some of the toughest legal challenges of the information age. Whether you're a patent attorney, an intellectual property expert or an engineer headed to law school, Google Legal lets you handle unanswered legal quandaries and create new precedents. Our innovative services raise challenging questions that demand creative and practical answers. We provide those answers by working at the crossroads of the law and new technology, helping Google build innovative and important products for users around the world.
78	Google	Software Engineer	London, United Kingdom	description-section:  Responsibilities   Design, develop, test, deploy, maintain and improve software. Manage individual project priorities, deadlines and deliverables.   Qualifications  Minimum qualifications: BS degree in Computer Science, or a related technical field or equivalent practical experience. Software development experience in one or more general purpose programming languages. Experience working with two or more from the following: web application development, Unix/Linux environments, mobile application development, distributed and parallel systems, machine learning, information retrieval, natural language processing, networking, developing large software systems, and/or security software development. Ability to speak and write in English fluently and idiomatically. Preferred qualifications: Master’s, PhD degree, further education or experience in engineering, computer science or other technical related field. Experience with one or more general purpose programming languages, including but not limited to: Java, C/C++, C#, Objective C, Python, JavaScript, or Go. Interest and ability to learn other coding languages as needed. ;description-section text: For immediate consideration, please send a text (ASCII), HTML, PDF or DOC version of your resume in English to jobs@google.com. Important: The subject field of your email must include Strategic Partner Lead, Strategic Partnerships, Greater China (English, Chinese Mandarin) - Beijing or Shanghai.Note: By applying to this position your application is automatically submitted to the following locations: Beijing, China; Shanghai, China;description-section text with-benefits: Google's software engineers develop the next-generation technologies that change how billions of users connect, explore, and interact with information and one another. Our products need to handle information at massive scale, and extend well beyond web search. We're looking for engineers who bring fresh ideas from all areas, including information retrieval, distributed computing, large-scale system design, networking and data storage, security, artificial intelligence, natural language processing, UI design and mobile; the list goes on and is growing every day. As a software engineer, you will work on a specific project critical to Google’s needs with opportunities to switch teams and projects as you and our fast-paced business grow and evolve. We need our engineers to be versatile, display leadership qualities and be enthusiastic to take on new problems across the full-stack as we continue to push technology forward. Google aspires to be an organization that reflects the globally diverse audience that our products and technology serves. We believe that, in addition to hiring the best talent, a diversity of perspectives, ideas and cultures leads to the creation of better products and services. Opening date for applications: 18th January 2018 Closing date for applications: 16th February 2018 Competitive salary applies.Google is and always will be an engineering company. We hire people with a broad set of technical skills who are ready to take on some of technology's greatest challenges and make an impact on millions, if not billions, of users. At Google, engineers not only revolutionize search, they routinely work on massive scalability and storage solutions, large-scale applications and entirely new platforms for developers around the world. From AdWords to Chrome, Android to YouTube, Social to Local, Google engineers are changing the world one technological achievement after another.
79	Nest	EMEA Professional Partnerships Manager - LON	London, United Kingdom	description-section:  Responsibilities   Design, develop, test, deploy, maintain and improve software. Manage individual project priorities, deadlines and deliverables.   Qualifications  Minimum qualifications: BS degree in Computer Science, or a related technical field or equivalent practical experience. Software development experience in one or more general purpose programming languages. Experience working with two or more from the following: web application development, Unix/Linux environments, mobile application development, distributed and parallel systems, machine learning, information retrieval, natural language processing, networking, developing large software systems, and/or security software development. Ability to speak and write in English fluently and idiomatically. Preferred qualifications: Master’s, PhD degree, further education or experience in engineering, computer science or other technical related field. Experience with one or more general purpose programming languages, including but not limited to: Java, C/C++, C#, Objective C, Python, JavaScript, or Go. Interest and ability to learn other coding languages as needed. ;description-section text: For immediate consideration, please send a text (ASCII), HTML, PDF or DOC version of your resume in English to jobs@google.com. Important: The subject field of your email must include Strategic Partner Lead, Strategic Partnerships, Greater China (English, Chinese Mandarin) - Beijing or Shanghai.Note: By applying to this position your application is automatically submitted to the following locations: Beijing, China; Shanghai, China;description-section text with-benefits: Nest is focused on making simple, human, delightful things. Our vision is a home that takes care of the people inside it and the world around it. You can help us bring beautiful and valuable technology into EMEA homes by joining our Professional Channel team. Nest’s Pro Team is an amazingly talented team, which is creating a new business within one of the most traditional channels in the market. You would be a critical member of our team to define and develop new business relationships with new partners and scale our non-wholesale business.  Nest is looking for a talented individual to join the team as a Business Development Manager responsible for the management of the relationship with key partners in the New Construction, Home Improvement, Hospitality and Specification channels. This role will instrumental in delivering and developing amazing propositions resulting in significant Nest product sales acceleration. This is a very exciting and critical position in a new sector for Nest, and will be instrumental in developing our B2B2C channel. The work: Lead and implement effective business development agreements that help scale the Nest Business with new & current partners outside our Distributor and Installer channels  Negotiation and contract lead for these partnerships across EMEA  Be the Commercial Lead in the delivery of identified and unidentified partnerships across EMEA, communicating effectively with the key stakeholders as appropriate inside Nest in order to execute according to agreed business plans  Collaborate internally with appropriate cross-functional teams to help define future product strategy, structure and execute business initiatives, develop work plans, lead analysis and develop and communicate final recommendations  Lead all aspects of interaction with the partner from initial conversation through to onboarding, launch and post sales relationships, establishing quarterly reviews with partners and offer a strategic and analytical perspective of the partnership, identifying areas for improvement and growth  Establish a pipeline of partners across all Geo’s that Nest operates in EMEA and deliver incremental business to Nest Minimum qualifications: BA/BS degree or equivalent practical experience  5 years of work experience in an International Business Development role  Experience collaborating with cross-functional teams located around the globe in different timezones  Experience collaborating and communicating with diverse clients at all levels  Comfortable with 50% travel across EMEA Preferred qualifications: MBA or equivalent  English will be the primary business language but proficiency in other European languages would be hugely beneficial  Passionate about how technology can make people's lives better  Extensive project management experience, with the ability to lead and handle multiple time-sensitive activities across multiple geographies  Experience with ongoing partner relationship management; ability to serve as an advocate for your accounts internally and work collaboratively to identify opportunities or resolve issues  Ability to represent Nest in deal discussions and structure terms to achieve strong ongoing partner alignment  Ability to work effectively and cross-functionally with all levels of management, both internally and externally, including with the product team as a partner and client  Superb communication skills, with the ability to comfortably interact with partner’s and Nest's executive management  Fluency in working with large organisation with multiple business units in varying geographies  Proficiency of complex sales and and a strong track record of sales negotiation  Comfort with data analysis and problem solving  Excellent written and verbal communication skills  Fast paced, exceptional communicator, customer service driven, problem solver, self-starter, analytical  Thrives in a fast paced business with a focus on customer experience, fanatic about the details, focused on owning the end-to-end experience, will do what it takes to get the job done, passionate about how technology can make people's lives better 
80	Nest	Senior Software Engineer - Core Services	Palo Alto, CA, United States	description-section:  Responsibilities   Design, develop, test, deploy, maintain and improve software. Manage individual project priorities, deadlines and deliverables.   Qualifications  Minimum qualifications: BS degree in Computer Science, or a related technical field or equivalent practical experience. Software development experience in one or more general purpose programming languages. Experience working with two or more from the following: web application development, Unix/Linux environments, mobile application development, distributed and parallel systems, machine learning, information retrieval, natural language processing, networking, developing large software systems, and/or security software development. Ability to speak and write in English fluently and idiomatically. Preferred qualifications: Master’s, PhD degree, further education or experience in engineering, computer science or other technical related field. Experience with one or more general purpose programming languages, including but not limited to: Java, C/C++, C#, Objective C, Python, JavaScript, or Go. Interest and ability to learn other coding languages as needed. ;description-section text: For immediate consideration, please send a text (ASCII), HTML, PDF or DOC version of your resume in English to jobs@google.com. Important: The subject field of your email must include Strategic Partner Lead, Strategic Partnerships, Greater China (English, Chinese Mandarin) - Beijing or Shanghai.Note: By applying to this position your application is automatically submitted to the following locations: Beijing, China; Shanghai, China;description-section text with-benefits:  Are you passionate about applying technologies that make an impact? At Nest you'll have the opportunity to shape the consumer electronics business, join a world class engineering team, and help revolutionize the next unloved device in our homes. You'll be building the infrastructure and protocols that drive the expanding Nest ecosystem and create the thoughtful home.  As a Software Engineer in our Core Services team, you will be responsible for building the infrastructure backbone of the conscious home, along with product-specific services that enable end-user features. You will design highly reliable systems within our distributed environment. You’ll be responsible for millions of people living better lives through thoughtful things.  The work:  Develop high quality, highly available systems within Nest’s service oriented architecture  Write clear, maintainable, and performant code  Projects include real time data synchronization, identity management, large-scale data processing frameworks, and service endpoints for web, embedded, and mobile clients  Diagnose problems which can only arise in a complex distributed environment  Work cross functionally with Product Marketing, TechOps, and Integration Engineering  Minimum qualifications:  Bachelor’s degree in Computer Science, Mathematics, Statistics, or related field; or equivalent practical experience  8+ years of software development experience  5+ years of experience working in Java and/or Scala  Preferred qualifications:  Experience building high quality distributed systems or backend services  Proficiency in designing, building, and debugging distributed systems  Demonstrated JVM experience  Solid understanding of multiple programming languages (e.g. C/C++, Python, Java, Scala)  Comfort with basic cryptographic techniques and security protocols is a plus  Comfortable working on Linux-based systems  A passion and curiosity for creating and building things 
81	Google	Account Manager Display, Media Buying Solutions, (German)	Dublin, Ireland	description-section:  Responsibilities   Collaborate and consult with customers with the goal of extending relationships and increasing the usage of DoubleClick solutions, specifically focusing on product feature adoption. Develop a thorough understanding of client needs and corresponding organizational best practices across a wide range of industries (agencies and clients). Develop strategic account plans for customers within the portfolio, identifying growth opportunities, while also collaborating closely with internal stakeholders. Create relationships within customer organizations at all levels, including direct and indirect users of the product and usage decision-makers. Act as the main point of contact for customers around all key areas of account management (training, product enhancement, global/regional campaigns, etc) and lead cross-functional efforts to identify and solve roadblocks.   Qualifications  Minimum qualifications: BA/BS degree or equivalent practical experience. Experience in online, software sales or online marketing. Ability to speak and write in English and German fluently and idiomatically. Preferred qualifications: Experience in the ad tech market in a sales role or as a user. Experience in the use of programmatic ad buying tools. Experience in working with a strategic and analytical sales approach, with a track record of building lasting customer relationships. Well-organized, analytical and capable of handling multiple ad hoc requests simultaneously. Excellent organizational, analytical, influencing and presentation skills. ;description-section text: For immediate consideration, please send a text (ASCII), HTML, PDF or DOC version of your resume in English to jobs@google.com. Important: The subject field of your email must include Strategic Partner Lead, Strategic Partnerships, Greater China (English, Chinese Mandarin) - Beijing or Shanghai.Note: By applying to this position your application is automatically submitted to the following locations: Beijing, China; Shanghai, China;description-section text with-benefits: Businesses that partner with Google come in all shapes, sizes and market caps, and no one Google advertising solution works for all. Your knowledge of online media combined with your communication skills and analytical abilities shapes how new and existing business grow. Using your influencing and relationship-building skills, you provide Google-caliber client service, research and market analysis. You anticipate how decisions are made, persistently explore and uncover the business needs of Google's key clients and understand how our range of product offerings can grow their business. Working with them, you set the vision and the strategy for how their advertising can reach thousands of users. As an Account Manager, you will be part of the Media Buying Solutions (MBS) team, working on a suite of products (Campaign Manager, DoubleClick Bid Manager, DoubleClick Rich Media, etc). You will be involved in one of the most advanced elements of the media landscape.The team broadly consists of sales managers, product specialists and account managers across products. MBS primarily focuses on agencies and trading desks but is moving to ensure clients understand the data and technology-related decisions they make. Our Large Customer Sales teams partner closely with many of the world’s biggest advertisers and agencies to develop digital solutions that build strong businesses and brands. We enjoy a bird’s eye view on the massive transformation occurring as advertising shifts to mobile and online platforms. We're uniquely situated to help shape how companies grow their businesses in the digital age. We advise clients on Google's broad range of products across search, video and mobile to help them connect instantly and seamlessly with their audiences.
82	Google	Strategic Negotiator, Global Network Acquisition (APAC)	Mumbai, India	description-section:  Responsibilities   Collaborate with internal business and networking technical teams to identify and define strategic initiatives necessary to meet Google's ongoing needs. Build strategic relationships with vendors, identify unique opportunities for partnership or expansion with these teams, and determine specific routes that meet commercial, technical and timing requirements. Identify and manage agreements with vendors providing wavelength, IP transit and colocation services. Lead partnerships in tandem with Google's legal team. Build and drive Google’s strategy for technical infrastructure builds in given territories/market(s). Communicate progress internally and collaborate with network deployment & other technical teams.   Qualifications  Minimum qualifications: BA/BS degree or equivalent practical experience. 4 years of experience in networking technologies across the OSI (Open Systems Interconnect) model.Experience with strategic negotiations and/or business development obtaining services from high-technology providers in colocation data centers, internet transit, network transport, telecom or IT services. Ability to travel up to 25% of the time. Preferred qualifications: BA/BS degree in Technology or Science.8 years of relevant work experience, including experience with contract development and vendor management across many vendors simultaneously in technology related domains. Deep understanding of domestic and global carrier networks. Excellent analytical and problem-solving skills. Well versed with contractual framework and ability to negotiate agreements with vendors/partners/suppliers. Ability to travel up to 50% of the time if needed. ;description-section text: Note: By applying to this position your application is automatically submitted to the following locations: Gurugram, Haryana, India; Mumbai, Maharashtra, India;description-section text with-benefits: As Google's products and services grow to serve our billions of users, the Strategic Negotiation team works behind the scenes to secure infrastructure for Google's future. It's a big job that involves everything from operating underwater cables to finding data center space. In this role you combine your deep market knowledge with tech industry savvy to find solutions that support Google's growth. You'll work with specific teams to oversee vendor and partner relationships. Your successful management skills have the potential to impact every part of the business and save Google millions of dollars in operating costs. You'll ensure that we receive contract compliance on our third-party agreements, while identifying the most cost-effective solutions for our needs. You'll take lead on special projects, manage vendors and present your recommendations to Google leadership. Behind everything our users see online is the architecture built by the Technical Infrastructure team to keep it running. From developing and maintaining our data centers to building the next generation of Google platforms, we make Google's product portfolio possible. We're proud to be our engineers' engineers and love voiding warranties by taking things apart so we can rebuild them. We're always on call to keep our networks up and running, ensuring our users have the best and fastest experience possible.
83	X	Intellectual Property Counsel, X	Mountain View, CA, United States	description-section:  Responsibilities   Review and steer patent applications and responses prepared by outside Counsel. Manage outside Patent Counsel to ensure quality and timely work product and a docket of active patent matters. Counsel on Intellectual Property challenges and determine strategic areas for patenting, and identify patentable subject matter (including first level prior art searching). Conduct invention harvest sessions and manage the invention disclosure process. Conduct preliminary trademark searches and oversee outside Counsel on trademark searches and trademark maintenance. Consult and discuss business agreements, evaluate and reply to potential acquisitions and licensing opportunities. Educate Engineers and Business teams on IP challenges along with being able to present to Engineering teams/Management.   Qualifications  Minimum qualifications:  BA/BS degree in a technical field such as Electrical, Mechanical or Environmental Engineering, Computer Science or Materials Science, or equivalent practical experience. Admitted to practice before the U.S. Patent and Trademark Office as a Patent Attorney, and Admitted to the State Bar of California and in good standing (or otherwise authorized to practice law in California such as by having registered in-house counsel status). 5 years of relevant legal experience. Experience in identifying patentable technologies and analysis, acquisition, licensing and handling of third-party demands. Preferred qualifications: JD degree. Experience with complex commercial agreements and related IP provisions. In-house experience managing patent and other intellectual property matters. Knowledge of industry tools and resources to analyze patent portfolios. Understanding of artificial intelligence, robotics, physics, clean energy and/or related technologies. ;description-section text: Note: By applying to this position your application is automatically submitted to the following locations: Gurugram, Haryana, India; Mumbai, Maharashtra, India;description-section text with-benefits: As an Intellectual Property (IP) Counsel for X, you will have the unique opportunity to help create and implement X’s IP strategy in support of some of Alphabet’s most exciting new businesses and technologies. You will have direct responsibility of IP-related matters for several 'moonshot' projects, working alongside innovators to define and implement an IP strategy tailored to each project’s business goals. This will include establishing an appropriate portfolio of patent assets, mitigating IP-risk in operations and agreements, and fostering awareness via counseling on patent and IP challenges. The IP portfolios you develop will have a scope stemming from the innovations X produces and a value extending far beyond the immediate products and services X launches. Your contributions here will be a key part of demonstrating return on investment for these projects.X is a moonshot factory where uncomfortably ambitious, potentially world-changing new ideas such as self-driving cars, balloon-powered Internet and smart contact lenses are developed and taken out into the world. X projects have the potential to transform the lives of billions of people and make the world a radically better place. We’re a team of makers, entrepreneurs, engineers and scientists with deep technical expertise who love the challenge of the seemingly impossible. X was formerly known as Google[x].
84	Google	Software Engineer, Site Reliability Engineering	London, United Kingdom	description-section:  Responsibilities   Engage in and improve the whole lifecycle of services — from inception and design, through to deployment, operation and refinement. Support services before they go live through activities such as system design consulting, developing software platforms and frameworks, capacity planning and launch reviews. Maintain services once they are live by measuring and monitoring availability, latency and overall system health. Scale systems sustainably through mechanisms like automation, and evolve systems by pushing for changes that improve reliability and velocity. Practice sustainable incident response and blameless postmortems.   Qualifications  Minimum qualifications: BS degree in Computer Science, or a related technical field involving coding (e.g. physics, mathematics, etc), or equivalent practical experience. Experience with algorithms, data structures, complexity analysis and software design. Experience in one or more of the following: C, C++, Java, Python, Go, Perl or Ruby. Preferred qualifications: Interest in designing, analyzing and troubleshooting large-scale distributed systems. Systematic problem-solving approach, coupled with effective communication skills and a sense of ownership and drive. Ability to debug and optimize code and to automate routine tasks. ;description-section text: Note: By applying to this position your application is automatically submitted to the following locations: Gurugram, Haryana, India; Mumbai, Maharashtra, India;description-section text with-benefits: Hope is not a strategy. Engineering solutions to design, build, and maintain efficient large-scale systems is a true strategy, and a good one.Site Reliability Engineering (SRE) is an engineering discipline that combines software and systems engineering to build and run large-scale, massively distributed, fault-tolerant systems. SRE ensures that Google's services—both our internally critical and our externally-visible systems—have reliability and uptime appropriate to users' needs and a fast rate of improvement while keeping an ever-watchful eye on capacity and performance.SRE is also a mindset and a set of engineering approaches to running better production systems—we build our own creative engineering solutions to operations problems. Much of our software development focuses on optimizing existing systems, building infrastructure and eliminating work through automation. As SREs are responsible for the big picture of how our systems relate to each other, we use a breadth of tools and approaches to solve a broad spectrum of problems. Practices such as limiting time spent on operational work, blameless postmortems and proactive identification of potential outages factor into iterative improvement that is key to both product quality and interesting and dynamic day-to-day work.SRE's culture of diversity, intellectual curiosity, problem solving and openness is key to its success. Our organization brings together people with a wide variety of backgrounds, experiences and perspectives. We encourage them to collaborate, think big and take risks in a blame-free environment. We promote self-direction to work on meaningful projects, while we also strive to create an environment that provides the support and mentorship needed to learn and grow.To learn more: check out Site Reliability Engineering, written by Google SREs, watch a recorded Hangout on Air to meet some of our SREs, or read a career profile about why a software engineer chose to join SRE. Opening date for applications: 18th January 2018 Closing date for applications: 16th February 2018 Competitive salary applies.Behind everything our users see online is the architecture built by the Technical Infrastructure team to keep it running. From developing and maintaining our data centers to building the next generation of Google platforms, we make Google's product portfolio possible. We're proud to be our engineers' engineers and love voiding warranties by taking things apart so we can rebuild them. We're always on call to keep our networks up and running, ensuring our users have the best and fastest experience possible.
85	Nest	Senior Designer, Apps	Palo Alto, CA, United States	description-section:  Responsibilities   Engage in and improve the whole lifecycle of services — from inception and design, through to deployment, operation and refinement. Support services before they go live through activities such as system design consulting, developing software platforms and frameworks, capacity planning and launch reviews. Maintain services once they are live by measuring and monitoring availability, latency and overall system health. Scale systems sustainably through mechanisms like automation, and evolve systems by pushing for changes that improve reliability and velocity. Practice sustainable incident response and blameless postmortems.   Qualifications  Minimum qualifications: BS degree in Computer Science, or a related technical field involving coding (e.g. physics, mathematics, etc), or equivalent practical experience. Experience with algorithms, data structures, complexity analysis and software design. Experience in one or more of the following: C, C++, Java, Python, Go, Perl or Ruby. Preferred qualifications: Interest in designing, analyzing and troubleshooting large-scale distributed systems. Systematic problem-solving approach, coupled with effective communication skills and a sense of ownership and drive. Ability to debug and optimize code and to automate routine tasks. ;description-section text: Note: By applying to this position your application is automatically submitted to the following locations: Gurugram, Haryana, India; Mumbai, Maharashtra, India;description-section text with-benefits: Nest Design is an interdisciplinary group. We value visual design, interaction design, prototyping and research as equal pillars of the product. Our ideal candidates combine strengths across disciplines to create a powerful and effective point of view.As a Senior Designer, you’ll be responsible for the look, feel and architecture of one or more Nest products, working across on-device user interface, mobile app and web. You will be part of the team that drive the design for systematic and innovative product features. Our team members combine great visual sense with a deep understanding of the subtle nuance that makes a complex product feel simple and intuitive. Nest products span the physical and digital worlds and in addition to classic graphical user interface, use sensors, motion, audio and AI to define the next generation of interaction. You should have an inspiring portfolio, great design sense, a love for complex problems and the ability to clearly articulate how a product should work both in software and in the physical world. W e strive to create products that people love to use and welcome into their home.The work:  Strategize, brainstorm, and define key features for one or more Nest products  Translate abstract ideas and requirements into tangible and beautiful design deliverables  Help to invent a modern and elegant visual language that spans devices  Integrate user feedback and business requirements  Advocate for changes, refinements, and ongoing improvements  Author, iterate, and maintain documentation including storyboards, flows, architecture, mockups, prototypes, animations, etc.  Consciously and exhaustively craft detailed use cases and contingencies  Collaborate closely with cross-disciplinary teams of engineers, product managers, and marketing  Create production-ready assets that use all the capabilities of the latest industry technology  Minimum qualifications:  5 years work experience as a designer working on shippable products, including for iOS, Android, Web applications, and/or Hardware  BFA, BA, or BS degree in design or a related discipline  Preferred qualifications:  Experience working closely with engineers and product on technical projects  Proficiency with Adobe Creative Suite and similar tools  Ability to distill complex processes into simple, clear, user interactions  Excellent visual standards and obsessive attention to detail  Experience designing interactions for physical products  Strong technical understanding  Excellent written communication and documentation skills  Anticipates issues at a macro and micro level concurrently  High organization and efficiency working with multiple projects to meet tight deadlines  Strong leadership when collaborating with design, engineering, product, and marketing  Ability to mentor and lead junior designers 
86	Google	Organizational Development Practitioner	Singapore	description-section:  Responsibilities   Work with OD Partners to understand the needs of various client groups across the key domain area(s) (e.g. leadership team effectiveness) as well as the relationship of these needs to larger client context and strategy. Lead problem diagnosis in key domain areas, gathering and interpreting relevant data as needed to identify root causes of business/organizational challenges. Design effective solutions to address complex/multifaceted needs within the context of the larger Organizational Development strategy ensuring the right partners are involved at the right times. Effectively collaborate with clients and partners and agree the roles and responsibilities of each individual/group involved in designing and landing specific development interventions. Manage and oversee all aspects of the delivery of initiatives within scope, effectively navigating/overcoming roadblocks where needed to ensure achievement of client objectives in a way that aligns with the broader strategy set by the OD Partner.   Qualifications  Minimum qualifications: BA/BS degree or equivalent practical experience. 8 years of relevant work experience. 5 years of experience in a related field (Learning and Development, Talent Management, Leadership Development, HR, etc). Preferred qualifications: 5 years of experience in Organizational Development/Consulting - delivering tangible client impact in one or more practice area. Experience working across multiple client groups and/or geographies, with the ability to build trusted relationships with stakeholders. Ability to provide oversight to interventions in one or more practice areas, assuring best in class solution delivery. High degree of personal and professional credibility, including responsiveness, business focus, integrity, sound judgement, and ability to prioritize effectively across competing demands. ;description-section text: Note: By applying to this position your application is automatically submitted to the following locations: Gurugram, Haryana, India; Mumbai, Maharashtra, India;description-section text with-benefits: Our PeopleDev team works hard to ensure every Googler has access to the resources they need to become their best personal and professional selves. We leverage tools, technology, and innovative formats to scale learning and support Googlers at all stages of their careers — from Noogler Orientation, to manager training, to leadership development, and more. We have four key beliefs about learning — that it is personal, social, a process, and happens in real life — and we infuse these beliefs throughout the wide array of learning and development opportunities at Google. As a PeopleDev team member, you'll always be thinking about new ways to help others grow, and you share a passion for empowering Googlers to unlock their full potential. The Client Partnership and Organizational Development (OD) team is responsible for consultative and customized development solutions that increase the health and performance of Google’s organizations and overall business. It consists of three groups: OD Partners who are aligned to major client groups and responsible for development strategy over time, OD Practitioners who work across client groups on discrete engagements, and Centers of Expertise comprising best-in-class research, methodologies and content for our individual, team and organizational development work.  As an Organizational Development Practitioner, you are accountable for designing and delivering high quality development solutions aligned to client People Plans and broad OD strategies. You'll work flexibly across many client groups and are expected to have breadth of expertise across all practice areas (individual, team, organization) and develop deeper expertise in various areas. Great just isn't good enough for our People Operations team (you probably know us better as "Human Resources"). Made up of equal parts HR professionals, former consultants and analysts, we're the champions of Google's colorful culture. In People Ops, we "find them, grow them, and keep them" - we bring the world's most innovative people to Google and provide the programs that help them thrive. Whether recruiting the next great Googler, refining our core programs, developing talent or simply looking for ways to inject some more fun into the lives of our Googlers, we bring a data-driven approach that is reinventing the human resources field.
87	Google	Workforce Program Manager, Outsourcing Solutions and Vendor Programs	Zürich, Switzerland	description-section:  Responsibilities   Develop a deep understanding of Engineering Support’s business and workforce strategies, and combine that knowledge with an understanding of industry standards to develop and deliver on workforce KPIs (Key Performance Indicators). Develop strategy, system and infrastructure to manage global support queues across multiple channels to ensure optimal customer experience and operational efficiency for both outsourced and Googler support operations. Identify issues and shortcomings in the quality of data, and design and execution of initiatives to improve data quality in partnership with Data Analytics team. Collaborate on the development and execution of the Engineering Support vendor management and outsourcing strategy, including cost and location strategy. Provide analytical support including capacity planning, scheduling, and reporting (including trend analysis) to drive decisions made in partnership with global vendor managers and technical leads and provide insights to leadership to increase the percent of work outsourced within Engineering Support.   Qualifications  Minimum qualifications: Bachelor's degree or equivalent practical experience. Experience with vendor management and/or global program management. Experience in support or customer facing operations. Preferred qualifications:  Master of Business Administration or Science, or other advanced degree. Experience setting up, managing, and optimizing staffing and resourcing in a globally outsourced workforce; experience in a consulting organization in technology practice or equivalent. Evidence of a bias to action with strong attention to detail and data-driven decision making. Demonstrated ability to influence without direct authority and drive change at all levels within an organization. Analytical and presentation skills with the ability to operate with flexibility in a fast-paced, constantly evolving and collaborative environment. Written and verbal communication skills and experience collaborating with stakeholders across a large, global organization. ;description-section text: Note: By applying to this position your application is automatically submitted to the following locations: Gurugram, Haryana, India; Mumbai, Maharashtra, India;description-section text with-benefits: Google Cloud teams work with schools, companies, and government agencies to make them more productive, mobile and collaborative. You will oversee all aspects of the Google Cloud sales process, improving it with your insightful data analysis, troubleshooting, and seamless cross-functional teamwork. Your strategies ensure that companies new to Google products get the highest quality customer support and that the Google Cloud program overall is kept on the cutting edge. The Engineering Support team in Google Cloud helps customers solve technical problems with focus on our customers. We engage customers across the globe through online communities, social outreach, and 1:1 support. Our team is the face of Google to many customers, and we want their Google support experience to redefine support and reset the standards, just like Google’s products do, with an innovative approach to support.  The Outsourcing Solutions and Vendor Programs team’s mission is to scale and simplify our operation to satisfy business needs by creating customer-focused solutions, while inspiring and enabling others to do the same. We are focused and committed to evolving the way we outsource work to scale Engineering support to meet our customer’s demands. As a Workforce Program Manager, you will lead, manage, and own the solution to the problem statement: how do we ensure the right case goes to the right person each time, every time. You will lead staffing, growth, and productivity conversations globally with vendor program managers and team managers. Your projects and impact often span offices, time zones and hemispheres, and it's your job to keep all the players coordinated on the project's progress and deadlines. Google Cloud helps millions of employees and organizations empower their employees, serve their customers, and build what’s next for their business — all with technology built in the cloud. Our products are engineered for security, reliability and scalability, running the full stack from infrastructure to applications to devices and hardware. And our teams are dedicated to helping our customers — developers, small and large businesses, educational institutions and government agencies — see the benefits of our technology come to life.
88	Google	Technical Program Manager, Site Reliability Engineering	London, United Kingdom	description-section:  Responsibilities   Design, write and deliver software to improve the availability, scalability, latency, and efficiency of Google's services. Solve issues relating to vital services and build automation to prevent problem recurrence; with the goal of automating response to all non-exceptional service conditions. Influence and create new designs, architectures, standards and methods for large-scale distributed systems. Engage in service capacity planning and demand forecasting, software performance analysis and system tuning. Conduct periodic on call duties using a follow-the-sun model (on an optional basis).   Qualifications  Minimum qualifications: BA/BS degree in Computer Science or related technical field or equivalent practical experience. Experience managing end-to-end lifecycle of technical projects. Experience in one or more of C, C++, Java, Python, or experience with Unix/Linux systems with scripting experience in Shell, Perl or Python.  Preferred qualifications: Experience in software, systems, networking, hardware, logistics and operations or capacity planning. Capable of technical deep-dives into code, networking, operating systems and storage, yet verbally and cognitively agile enough to hold their own in a strategy discussion with Google's executive team. Understanding of overall system architecture, clients, features and service dependencies. Expertise in problem solving and analyzing global scale distributed systems and critical production service environments. Firm sense of accountability, ownership for end-to-end project lifecycle with solid project management and communication skills. ;description-section text: Note: By applying to this position your application is automatically submitted to the following locations: Gurugram, Haryana, India; Mumbai, Maharashtra, India;description-section text with-benefits: Hope is not a strategy. Engineering solutions to design, build, and maintain efficient large-scale systems is a true strategy, and a good one.Site Reliability Engineering (SRE) is an engineering discipline that combines software and systems engineering to build and run large-scale, massively distributed, fault-tolerant systems. SRE ensures that Google's services—both our internally critical and our externally-visible systems—have reliability and uptime appropriate to users' needs and a fast rate of improvement while keeping an ever-watchful eye on capacity and performance.SRE is also a mindset and a set of engineering approaches to running better production systems—we build our own creative engineering solutions to operations problems. Much of our software development focuses on optimizing existing systems, building infrastructure and eliminating work through automation. As SREs are responsible for the big picture of how our systems relate to each other, we use a breadth of tools and approaches to solve a broad spectrum of problems. Practices such as limiting time spent on operational work, blameless postmortems and proactive identification of potential outages factor into iterative improvement that is key to both product quality and interesting and dynamic day-to-day work.SRE's culture of diversity, intellectual curiosity, problem solving and openness is key to its success. Our organization brings together people with a wide variety of backgrounds, experiences and perspectives. We encourage them to collaborate, think big and take risks in a blame-free environment. We promote self-direction to work on meaningful projects, while we also strive to create an environment that provides the support and mentorship needed to learn and grow.To learn more: check out Site Reliability Engineering, written by Google SREs, watch a recorded Hangout on Air to meet some of our SREs, or read a career profile about why a software engineer chose to join SRE. The Technical Program Manager (TPM) role within Site Reliability Engineering (SRE) is at the heart of fulfilling SRE’s mission: making things faster, more reliable, and preparing for the continued growth of Google's infrastructure. As a TPM, you ensure that systems and services are carefully planned and deployed, taking into account multiple variables such as price, availability, and scheduling, while always keeping the bigger picture in mind. You are comfortable driving massive projects which span lots of teams, have a strong interest in doing the right thing for our users, and always think critically and strategically about Google as a business. You are equally comfortable explaining your analyses and project recommendations to wider audiences as you are discussing the technical merits of next generation architectures with Google's engineers, or building tools to automate and scale their impact. Behind everything our users see online is the architecture built by the Technical Infrastructure team to keep it running. From developing and maintaining our data centers to building the next generation of Google platforms, we make Google's product portfolio possible. We're proud to be our engineers' engineers and love voiding warranties by taking things apart so we can rebuild them. We're always on call to keep our networks up and running, ensuring our users have the best and fastest experience possible.
89	Google	Industry Manager, Automotive and Mobility, Large Customer Sales (French)	Paris, France	description-section:  Responsibilities   Build sustainable relationships with leading clients, media and creative agencies. Analyze data trends and client performance, and develop solid strategic client account plans. Collaborate and consult with major customers with the goal of extending relationships, increasing our client and agency base and optimizing the accounts. Work cross-functionally within Google and collaborate on projects to drive client success. Work closely with members of the Large Customer Sales team to ensure successful implementation of clients Search and Display campaigns. Develop case studies of successful campaigns in order to share insights with customers and to serve as an evangelist at targeted events and conferences. Champion new product releases, internally and externally   Qualifications  Minimum qualifications: Bachelor's degree or equivalent practical experience. Ability to speak and write in English and French fluently and idiomatically. Preferred qualifications: Experience working for a client or for an agency Strong online sales and business development experience. Strong expertise of digital media and managing large advertising budgets and campaigns. Solid knowledge of Google products including search and display Ability to drive results and collaborate with major customers. ;description-section text: Note: By applying to this position your application is automatically submitted to the following locations: Gurugram, Haryana, India; Mumbai, Maharashtra, India;description-section text with-benefits: Businesses that partner with Google come in all shapes, sizes and market caps, and no one Google advertising solution works for all. Your knowledge of online media combined with your communication skills and analytical abilities shapes how new and existing business grow. Using your influencing and relationship-building skills, you provide Google-caliber client service, research and market analysis. You anticipate how decisions are made, persistently explore and uncover the business needs of Google's key clients and understand how our range of product offerings can grow their business. Working with them, you set the vision and the strategy for how their advertising can reach thousands of users. As an Industry Manager you will partner with clients and their agencies to develop digital strategies to transform their success, identify their business challenges and collaboratively shape solutions that drive their strategic initiatives demonstrating how Google products can enhance their online presence. You’ll consult using search-based advertising products but also display advertising using Mobile, YouTube and the Google Display Network.  Responsible for managing a portfolio of large automotive players, you will aim at building partnership with clients and agencies in order to support them developing their brand, growing their market share and providing the highest number of qualified leads to their dealers. The regional Large Customer Sales (LCS) teams partner closely with our major advertising clients and agencies to develop digital solutions that build our clients' businesses and brands. We are in a unique and exciting position to shape how marketing and business is conducted in the digital age. We generate revenue from across Google's broad range of solutions, from Google AdWords, to YouTube, to Mobile, that help our customers connect instantly and seamlessly with their audiences and get the most out of the web.
90	Nest	Product Manager - Nest Solutions + Services	Palo Alto, CA, United States	description-section:  Responsibilities   Build sustainable relationships with leading clients, media and creative agencies. Analyze data trends and client performance, and develop solid strategic client account plans. Collaborate and consult with major customers with the goal of extending relationships, increasing our client and agency base and optimizing the accounts. Work cross-functionally within Google and collaborate on projects to drive client success. Work closely with members of the Large Customer Sales team to ensure successful implementation of clients Search and Display campaigns. Develop case studies of successful campaigns in order to share insights with customers and to serve as an evangelist at targeted events and conferences. Champion new product releases, internally and externally   Qualifications  Minimum qualifications: Bachelor's degree or equivalent practical experience. Ability to speak and write in English and French fluently and idiomatically. Preferred qualifications: Experience working for a client or for an agency Strong online sales and business development experience. Strong expertise of digital media and managing large advertising budgets and campaigns. Solid knowledge of Google products including search and display Ability to drive results and collaborate with major customers. ;description-section text: Note: By applying to this position your application is automatically submitted to the following locations: Gurugram, Haryana, India; Mumbai, Maharashtra, India;description-section text with-benefits:  The Nest Solutions + Services group designs, ships, and nurtures intuitive and thoughtful home solutions that empower people and bring families closer together. Nest is looking for a Product Manager to drive the vision, definition and roadmap for a new Nest service. You’ll work closely with design and engineering teams to define product requirements and guide the service through key development milestones. You’ll work closely with marketing and business teams to position and launch the service. Once the service launches, you’ll be responsible for analyzing customer usage and feedback to make ongoing improvements and to drive growth. An ideal candidate will have great product vision, be analytical, have customer empathy, and be a strong organizational leader.   The work:  Define product requirements based on customer and business needs  Analyze competitive landscape to ensure that products and features are differentiated and innovative  Document product requirements in a clear, detailed PRD  Determine priorities of features and drive ongoing re-evaluation throughout the development process  Collaborate closely with design teams to define the UX and UI  Collaborate closely with engineering teams to determine how features will technically work  Effectively communicate the product vision and strategy both internally and externally  Partner with marketing and business teams to drive the product to launch  Analyze customer usage and feedback to make ongoing product improvements  Minimum qualifications:  BA/BS degree or equivalent practical experience  5+ years of product management experience on a consumer service  Preferred qualifications:  Strong written and verbal communication skills  Strong presentation skills  Fluency in presentation, spreadsheet, analytics software  Ability to manage multiple stakeholder groups  Experience driving customer usage growth in consumer services 
91	Nest	Latin America Retail Expansion and Account Management	Los Angeles, CA, United States	description-section:  Responsibilities   Build sustainable relationships with leading clients, media and creative agencies. Analyze data trends and client performance, and develop solid strategic client account plans. Collaborate and consult with major customers with the goal of extending relationships, increasing our client and agency base and optimizing the accounts. Work cross-functionally within Google and collaborate on projects to drive client success. Work closely with members of the Large Customer Sales team to ensure successful implementation of clients Search and Display campaigns. Develop case studies of successful campaigns in order to share insights with customers and to serve as an evangelist at targeted events and conferences. Champion new product releases, internally and externally   Qualifications  Minimum qualifications: Bachelor's degree or equivalent practical experience. Ability to speak and write in English and French fluently and idiomatically. Preferred qualifications: Experience working for a client or for an agency Strong online sales and business development experience. Strong expertise of digital media and managing large advertising budgets and campaigns. Solid knowledge of Google products including search and display Ability to drive results and collaborate with major customers. ;description-section text: Note: By applying to this position your application is automatically submitted to the following locations: Gurugram, Haryana, India; Mumbai, Maharashtra, India;description-section text with-benefits: Nest is focused on making simple, human, delightful things. Our vision is a home that takes care of the people inside it and the world around it. You can help us bring beautiful and valuable technology into Latin American homes by joining our Retail Partner Team.  Nest’s Sales organization is responsible for growing existing business in existing countries as well as building new business with new products and in new countries. We stay focused on aligning the highest-level company priorities with strong day-to-day operations, and aim to help grow and scale Nest’s Sales organization for the future.  You will partner with our Product, Marketing, Finance, Operations, Logistics, Planning, Supply Chain, HR and Legal teams in order to facilitate business initiatives for ongoing business as well as new product introductions. Additionally, you will have exposure and visibility to senior executives and cross-functional leaders as you represent the business in regular reviews and help influence others to move your initiatives forward.The work:  Grow the retail sales volume with existing and new partners in Mexico  Manage the commercial strategy and execution of our country expansion plans in the LATAM region: which countries should we be in? When? How do we launch? Who do we partner with?  Negotiate sell through plans, commercial terms and marketing budgets with our distributors and partners in Latin America  Work directly with the partners as we launch new products  Evaluate channel performance with partners quarterly and find new opportunities to increase sales  Work collaboratively internally to forecast, ensure supply and develop marketing initiatives  Minimum qualifications:   6+ years of Account Management experience working with retailers in Latin American countries  5+ years of commercial negotiation experience  Bachelor's degree or equivalent experience  Ability to travel 40-50% of the time in Latin America and quarterly trips to California (Palo Alto)  Fluent in English, Spanish, and Portuguese (Brazil)  Preferred qualification:  Exceptional verbal and written communication skills  Experience solving challenging commercials issues  Experience collaborating and communicating with diverse clients at all levels of their business  Experience collaborating with cross-functional teams  Comfortable with data analysis and problem solving  Experience with Tableau, Excel, Salesforce, GSuite, Google Analytics  Thrives in a team environment  Enjoys a bit of chaos and is able to sort through it to find solutions 
92	Nest	Senior Product Design Engineer	Palo Alto, CA, United States	description-section:  Responsibilities   Build sustainable relationships with leading clients, media and creative agencies. Analyze data trends and client performance, and develop solid strategic client account plans. Collaborate and consult with major customers with the goal of extending relationships, increasing our client and agency base and optimizing the accounts. Work cross-functionally within Google and collaborate on projects to drive client success. Work closely with members of the Large Customer Sales team to ensure successful implementation of clients Search and Display campaigns. Develop case studies of successful campaigns in order to share insights with customers and to serve as an evangelist at targeted events and conferences. Champion new product releases, internally and externally   Qualifications  Minimum qualifications: Bachelor's degree or equivalent practical experience. Ability to speak and write in English and French fluently and idiomatically. Preferred qualifications: Experience working for a client or for an agency Strong online sales and business development experience. Strong expertise of digital media and managing large advertising budgets and campaigns. Solid knowledge of Google products including search and display Ability to drive results and collaborate with major customers. ;description-section text: Note: By applying to this position your application is automatically submitted to the following locations: Gurugram, Haryana, India; Mumbai, Maharashtra, India;description-section text with-benefits: Nest takes the unloved products in your home and makes simple, beautiful, thoughtful things. The work:  Work closely with the US Based PD team, Tooling, Quality, and Project Management team members to define, design, build, and test new products, then take them to manufacturing  Design the architectural layout and detailed plastic and metal components of a consumer electronics product  Work with electrical engineering, ID, and marketing team members to conceptualize, define, design, build, and test new products  Make detailed 3D CAD models, search out materials, components and systems for the product  Build and troubleshoot prototypes, analyze results of reliability testing, iteratively improve the design and bring to production  Work with manufacturing partners in Asia and the U.S., including travel to manufacturing sites  Minimum qualifications:  BA/BS degree or equivalent practical experience  7+ years of work experience, including 2 years of experience in mechanical engineering or related technical field (e.g. Product Design)  Preferred qualifications:  Preferred previous industry experience designing handheld, or small home electronics products  Strong working knowledge of Mechanical Engineering fundamentals  Familiarity with Unigraphics NX  Hands on experience with machine shop tools  Demonstrated ability in plastic and metal design  Has strong design sense with an eye for detail  Working knowledge of structural FEA  Familiar with a myriad of manufacturing techniques and DFM (Design for Manufacturing) review and feedback for suppliers  Familiar with electromechanical assemblies: LCD’s, batteries, sensors, flexes, PCB’s, antennas, buttons, etc  Good communicator, excellence driven, problem solver, self-starter, analytical  Mandarin language skills a plus  Thrives in chaos, obsessed with customer experience, fanatic about the details, scrappy and willing to wear multiple hats, focused on owning the end-to-end product experience, will do what it takes to get the job done, passionate about how technology can make people’s lives better  Proficient in 3D CAD modeling  Excellent English language communication skills 
93	Google	Product Excellence Analyst, Product and Tools Operations, Google Technical Services	Mountain View, CA, United States	description-section:  Responsibilities   Connect disparate product data sets across the business linking to sales/services data to drive critical insights and unlock opportunities for improvement. Present and socialize findings with stakeholder teams. Provide crucial data to major cross functional programs. Design, prototype and build Insights datastores and visualizations.   Qualifications  Minimum qualifications:  Experience with SQL and analytical tools. Experience working in customer-facing roles. Experience working across organizations and regions. Preferred qualifications: Experience with customer or senior stakeholder engagement. Experience working with policy, legal, financial or regulatory challenges Ability to work independently with minimal guidance. Exceptional problem-solving and analytical abilities. Demonstrated organizational and project/program management skills. ;description-section text: Note: By applying to this position your application is automatically submitted to the following locations: Gurugram, Haryana, India; Mumbai, Maharashtra, India;description-section text with-benefits: The Google Technical Services Product and Tools Operations team maintains the close relationships with the Engineering and Product partners necessary to develop and improve Google’s products and internal tools. We are champions of the customer experience, advocating for feature requests and offering product improvements backed by data-driven insights. Our work enables Google Technical Services teams to deliver delightful support to Google’s millions of customers. As a Product Analyst, you will represent the global business (Sales and Services) in a wide range of Policy-related projects: from support automation and policy development to review infrastructure and crisis management. This is a complex and challenging landscape with multiple teams spanning service organizations and product and engineering teams  Your strong analytical skills will allow a wide group of stakeholders to prioritize projects and requests, predict and track their impact, and make sense of our complex ads ecosystem and our customer engagements at scale. Google Technical Services is a global support and operations team, with a mission to delight our customers with care so good, it’s got to be Google. Our team is the face of Google to most of our customers, and we want their Google support experience to set new standards, just like Google’s products do. Our team cares for customers by solving problems and scaling solutions, incubating new Google products, and sharing user feedback with internal teams to influence product development. We support a wide variety of products, from Ads to Project Fi and just about everything in between, and our customers include advertisers, consumers, partners, publishers, retailers, and our own Sales Googlers.
94	Google	Recruiter, Sales and Support	Sydney, Australia	description-section:  Responsibilities   Deliver high quality work in a high-paced, dynamic work environment consistently by managing time and effort across hiring projects. Manage sourcing strategies, timelines and deliverables for projects, taking initiative to complete unanticipated or ad hoc tasks, and verifying the completeness of your own work. Source and attract talent and handle special projects, such as creating innovative strategies to locate local talent. Assess a high volume of candidate applications on a daily basis. Solve issues and produce solutions by collecting and analyzing data with quantitative or qualitative approaches, identifying alternatives when circumstances change. Keep others apprised of and involved in work by communicating information and status to project leads and team members, coordinating work cross-functionally, and influencing peers, project leaders and/or managers. Deliver high quality results in a timely manner, individually and through others. Initiate action and accomplish goals across a wide range of teams and projects in the face of multiple demands, and grow professionally by actively staying up-to-date in areas of expertise.   Qualifications  Minimum qualifications: BA/BS degree or equivalent practical experience. 5 years of relevant staffing experience. Preferred qualifications: Demonstrated ability to develop recommendations and implement solutions to promote ongoing improvements to recruitment efforts based on client needs. Ability to maintain confidence and professionalism when leading others through ambiguous and complex situations, and to influence and consult diplomatically with a range of stakeholders. Ability to clearly communicate in discussions and written documents, and to deliver regular updates and feedback clearly and tactfully. Attention to accuracy of highly detailed information and ability to solve business challenges based on due diligence of information. Excellent communication, teamwork, and client service skills. ;description-section text: Note: By applying to this position your application is automatically submitted to the following locations: Gurugram, Haryana, India; Mumbai, Maharashtra, India;description-section text with-benefits: Google's known for our innovative technologies, products and services -- and for the people behind them. As part of our world-class recruiting team, you're charged with finding the most interesting candidates who bring an entrepreneurial spirit, a sense of scrappiness and a diversity of thought to all they do. You're responsible for guiding candidates through our hiring process and connecting them to the magic of working at Google. You are creative and driven, with an interpersonal savvy that allows you to develop lasting relationships with both candidates and hiring managers. You're also comfortable with numbers and drawing insights from analytics to make our hiring process smarter and more efficient. Great just isn't good enough for our People Operations team (you probably know us better as "Human Resources"). Made up of equal parts HR professionals, former consultants and analysts, we're the champions of Google's colorful culture. In People Ops, we "find them, grow them, and keep them" - we bring the world's most innovative people to Google and provide the programs that help them thrive. Whether recruiting the next great Googler, refining our core programs, developing talent or simply looking for ways to inject some more fun into the lives of our Googlers, we bring a data-driven approach that is reinventing the human resources field.
95	Google	Account Manager, Google Cloud (English)	Dublin, Ireland	description-section:  Responsibilities   Connect with customers via email, phone and marketing campaigns to drive renewal and adoption Engage partners to support customer sales and develop new growth opportunities. Develop a territory plan for growing business to existing customers Leverage customer feedback to drive improvements to the content that we share with customers Project manage new initiatives for your territory and/or EMEA that drive business Own reporting and metrics for your territory. Drive process improvements to enhance operational efficiency   Qualifications  Minimum qualifications: Bachelor's degree or equivalent practical experience. Relevant sales experience, customer service experience, or technical support experience in an account management, renewals or new business acquisition for a technical product. Experience working in the UK/I market. Experience selling into both the France and UK markets. Ability to speak and write English fluently and idiomatically.  Preferred qualifications: Experience with reporting tools, spreadsheets and docs. Experience running experiments. Demonstrated organizational and project management capabilities and ability to manage multiple tasks with shifting priorities and varying deadlines. Passionate about technology and with strong technical acumen. Demonstrated creative problem-solving approach and strong analytical skills. Excellent communicator with a proven ability to achieve and exceed targets. ;description-section text: Note: By applying to this position your application is automatically submitted to the following locations: Gurugram, Haryana, India; Mumbai, Maharashtra, India;description-section text with-benefits: Our team inspires leading companies, schools, and government agencies to work smarter with Google tools like G Suite, Search, and Chrome. You reach out proactively to show customers how Google Cloud solutions can help them become more productive, mobile, and collaborative. You'll maintain relationships with clients and work cross-functionally to devise solutions and support for Google's clients. The Account Management sales teams priority is to maximize business growth from the existing SMB customer set, predominantly through campaigns, direct phone promoting and enabling our reseller partners. The team also participates in research and experimenting with data-driven, scalable solutions to improve conversion rate and improve customer lifetime value.  As an Account Management Sales Representative on the SMB Sales team, you are an expert blend of sales, technology and strategy. Account Management responsibilities include, at scale: driving the Renewal process across a number of small and medium accounts. You will promote our G Suite Basic solution to our G Suite Business Solution and cross-promote other products including Google Cloud Platform working closely with our reseller partners to ensure they are also successful at renewals and upgrades.  Much of your time will be spent on the phone with existing customers promoting the value of Google Cloud solutions (particularly G Suite). In addition to having a passion for sales, you also possess analytical and creativity skills.  As you talk with many customers and partners each month, you will have ideas for how we can improve our offering and enhance the customer experience. Your ability to manage stakeholders across many different functional teams will enable you to execute quickly and be successful in this role. You will also work to develop your territory for sales growth through sales campaigns and partner development. Come join the Google Cloud SMB Sales team where we are reimagining the way that technology is sold to businesses. Google Cloud helps millions of employees and organizations empower their employees, serve their customers, and build what’s next for their business — all with technology built in the cloud. Our products are engineered for security, reliability and scalability, running the full stack from infrastructure to applications to devices and hardware. And our teams are dedicated to helping our customers — developers, small and large businesses, educational institutions and government agencies — see the benefits of our technology come to life.
96	Google	Head of Curriculum and Faculty Strategy	Boulder, CO, United States	description-section:  Responsibilities   Oversee the curriculum and faculty development strategy for all Director and VP leadership offerings globally. Oversee and continuously improve the curriculum methodology, design and faculty selection and development processes. Ensure the design of all offerings uses insights from key sources such as the Research Incubator, Talent Management, and People Analytics. Drive a standardized approach to assessment across all offerings. Partner with internal, cross-functional groups to ensure a seamless, integrated learning journey which reinforces learning both in the “classroom” and on the job. Create and drive strategy for effectively communicating offerings to People Partners, Leaders, and other stakeholders.   Qualifications  Minimum qualifications: BA/BS degree in Organizational Psychology, Psychology, or other related field, or equivalent practical experience. 10 years of work experience in HR, talent development, and/or executive development designing and delivering senior leader development offerings. 10 years of experience in instructional and curriculum design. People management experience in a matrixed organization. Preferred qualifications: Advanced degree in a relevant field (organizational psychology, adult development, etc.) Experience running leadership centers of excellence and/or corporate universities. Experience building complex learning and development experiences for senior audiences. Experience effectively partnering with, developing, and managing relationships with senior stakeholders. Demonstrated success in a fast-paced, dynamic work environment. Exceptional project and people management skills. ;description-section text: Note: By applying to this position your application is automatically submitted to the following locations: Mountain View, CA, USA; San Francisco, CA, USA; Boulder, CO, USA; New York, NY, USA;description-section text with-benefits: Our PeopleDev team works hard to ensure every Googler has access to the resources they need to become their best personal and professional selves. We leverage tools, technology, and innovative formats to scale learning and support Googlers at all stages of their careers — from Noogler Orientation, to manager training, to leadership development, and more. We have four key beliefs about learning — that it is personal, social, a process, and happens in real life — and we infuse these beliefs throughout the wide array of learning and development opportunities at Google. As a PeopleDev team member, you'll always be thinking about new ways to help others grow, and you share a passion for empowering Googlers to unlock their full potential. As the Curriculum & Faculty Strategy Lead, you’re responsible for the direction of Google’s senior leader learning and development curriculum, including senior leader onboarding processes and programs and the selection and quality of adjunct faculty. You’ll also determine when it’s time to refresh senior leader offerings and create new ones - and determine what they are! You’ll work across People Development to ensure a connected strategy with related work affecting all Googlers.Great just isn't good enough for our People Operations team (you probably know us better as "Human Resources"). Made up of equal parts HR professionals, former consultants and analysts, we're the champions of Google's colorful culture. In People Ops, we "find them, grow them, and keep them" - we bring the world's most innovative people to Google and provide the programs that help them thrive. Whether recruiting the next great Googler, refining our core programs, developing talent or simply looking for ways to inject some more fun into the lives of our Googlers, we bring a data-driven approach that is reinventing the human resources field.
97	Google	Inventory and Data Partnerships Manager	Gurugram, India	description-section:  Responsibilities   Support Partners/clients in integrating their data and inventory with Google. Understand how their data/inventory is structured and consult them on the best way to integrate with Google products. Provide high touch technical support. Troubleshoot, escalate and respond to product support requests from Google partners and/or partnership teams. Leverage internal tools, logs and data to identify/troubleshoot issues. Act as liaison for Google Technical Services Partners, internal Google Product/Engineering and offshore development teams by establishing operating processes, reporting cadence and ongoing communication with these stakeholders. Suggest new products, usage, and features to product and engineering teams. Learn and build expertise in new processes, operational tools and tracking applications. Compile, analyze, and report on relevant partner or support Key Performance Indicators (KPIs).   Qualifications  Minimum qualifications: Bachelor's degree or equivalent practical experience. Experience in project management, relationship building and working across cross-functional teams. Ability to speak and write in English and local Indian languages. Preferred qualifications: Experience in a partner management/B2B support role. Experience working with above basic internet services and database technologies. Experience with Google Analytics, Doubleclick Products and Big query with SQL query languages. Experience working with remote offices and establishing processes and workflows to increase efficiency. Experience in vendor management and proven ability to manage multiple, time-sensitive projects with competing priorities while working independently to drive projects to completion. Strong analytical, troubleshooting, problem-solving, and project management skills. ;description-section text: Note: By applying to this position your application is automatically submitted to the following locations: Mountain View, CA, USA; San Francisco, CA, USA; Boulder, CO, USA; New York, NY, USA;description-section text with-benefits: Businesses that partner with Google come in all shapes, sizes and market caps, and no one Google advertising solution works for all. Your knowledge of online media combined with your communication skills and analytical abilities shapes how new and existing business grow. Using your influencing and relationship-building skills, you provide Google-caliber client service, research and market analysis. You anticipate how decisions are made, persistently explore and uncover the business needs of Google's key clients and understand how our range of product offerings can grow their business. Working with them, you set the vision and the strategy for how their advertising can reach thousands of users. As an Inventory and Data Partnerships Manager, you will manage the relationship with our partners from on-boarding to optimization, and be the "voice of the partner" in feature prioritization discussions. You love working on a project basis to solve issues and will bring your analytical, operational, and technical skills to the Google Partners team. This includes influencing product strategy, developing scalable product tools, helping onboard new partners, managing vendor workflows, providing technical implementation services to some of the most strategic partners and ongoing partner management. In your role you will also work closely with internal teams to create and streamline business and operational processes, develop detailed documentation and process diagrams, assist partners with their questions and concerns, and increase the overall efficiency of how we implement our products.  The Google Analytics Certified Program and DoubleClick Partners team empowers Google’s enterprise consumer products ecosystem. We provide technical and operations support for partners for most of Google properties. This includes influencing product strategy, developing scalable product tools, helping onboard new partners, providing technical implementation services to some of the most strategic partners and ongoing partner management.New Product Solutions is the link between Google’s Product and Sales organizations. We turn product innovations into client solutions that enable our customers to get the most out of Google’s advertising products and the web. We partner with Sales team members in building the strongest commercial strategy, and we equip customer-facing Googlers with essential product expertise. We are fascinated by all things digital and passionate about shaping the quickly evolving world of online advertising.
98	Google	Facilities Technician, Data Center	Lenoir, NC, United States	description-section:  Responsibilities   Operate, monitor, maintain, and respond to abnormal conditions in facilities systems. Areas include: Electrical, Mechanical and Building Monitoring and Control. Track and trend operational characteristics.   Qualifications  Minimum qualifications: Associate's degree, trade school certification or other verifiable training in a relevant technical field, or equivalent practical experience. 2 years of experience in Mechanical/Heating, Ventilation and Air Conditioning (HVAC) and/or Electrical Engineering. 2 years of experience at Apprenticeship or Technician level in a critical environment. Ability to lift and move 50 lbs of equipment; work on platforms, ladders and under raised floors. Ability to work non-standard hours and differing work rotations/shifts as required (including working on holidays and shift rotations). Preferred qualifications: Universal Refrigerant Handler's certification. Experience in a data center, hospital or power plant environmenet. Knowledge of electrical and mechanical systems used in a data center environment, including: Feeders, Transformers, Generators, Switchgear, UPS systems, ATS/STS units, PDU/PMM units, Chillers, Air handling units and CRAC units. Ability to communicate intelligently and effectively with Contractors who perform maintenance or upgrade work on systems. Ability to learn quickly and address issues as they arise. ;description-section text: Note: By applying to this position your application is automatically submitted to the following locations: Mountain View, CA, USA; San Francisco, CA, USA; Boulder, CO, USA; New York, NY, USA;description-section text with-benefits: The Data Center team designs and operates some of the most sophisticated electrical engineering, mechanical engineering and HVAC systems in the world. Facilities Technicians at Google data centers operate, monitor and support physical facilities conditions. Some of these duties will include heating and cooling of air and water, power supply, generators, UPS systems, electrical distribution and control and monitoring systems. You regularly help inspect, maintain and repair various data center systems such as piping and non-critical electrical or mechanical system components). You provide daily assistance to senior technicians as you read blueprints/schematics, conduct tours of systems and assess their working order.As a master of of best-in-class practices, you develop creative approaches to reducing operational costs while improving overall data center efficiency. You ensure that environmental and safety standards are consistently met, identifying problems and making repairs quickly In emergency situations or abnormal conditions, you manage data center performance issues and outages to minimize the recovery time from failures.Behind everything our users see online is the architecture built by the Technical Infrastructure team to keep it running. From developing and maintaining our data centers to building the next generation of Google platforms, we make Google's product portfolio possible. We're proud to be our engineers' engineers and love voiding warranties by taking things apart so we can rebuild them. We're always on call to keep our networks up and running, ensuring our users have the best and fastest experience possible.
99	Google	Google People Services, Operations Specialist	Singapore	description-section:  Responsibilities   Manage Google People Services processes (likely related to Onboarding or Compensation operations) and assume responsibility for operating reliably, and for continuous improvements. Provide counsel/support to employees and partners, solve their HR queries and ensure a magical customer experience. Communicate effectively with English speaking clients. Partner with cross-functional teams and key stakeholders to develop seamless operational processes to further Google's People Operations guidelines/policies. Define, collect and analyse process metrics. Use insights gathered to scale existing processes for growing and/or changing user needs. Create and maintain process documentation for all your processes, training colleagues where required.   Qualifications  Minimum qualifications: BA/BS degree or equivalent practical experience. 3 years of relevant work experience. Experience in process design, driving improvements, managing ongoing relationships with partners and in customer/user service delivery in large-scale environments. Ability to speak and write in English fluently and idiomatically. Preferred qualifications: Experience driving user-focused improvements, navigating/influencing cross-functional teams to drive change and analysing data/trends. High level of flexibility, perseverance and openness to change. Demonstrated attention to detail with time-management and multitasking skills. Affinity for technology, including intermediate to advanced aptitude with spreadsheets, JavaScript/Python, and/or SQL. Ability to self-start and self-direct work in an ambiguous environment. Excellent relationship management skills, welcoming and helpful. Strong communication and influencing skills. Ability to speak additional languages other than English. ;description-section text: Note: By applying to this position your application is automatically submitted to the following locations: Mountain View, CA, USA; San Francisco, CA, USA; Boulder, CO, USA; New York, NY, USA;description-section text with-benefits: The Google People Services, Operations function is the services and program management group within People Operations that makes HR stuff easy and intuitive for Googlers. Our global team optimizes people processes, from problem definition to execution. We partner with teams across People Operations and in engineering to bring innovation and technology to the way we attract, retain and grow Googlers worldwide. We focus on providing an amazing experience to past, present and future Googlers, and work in Google’s fast-paced environment to deliver 100+ operational services, manage the contingent workforce and implement HR programs across 70+ countries. Regardless of location or level of experience, members of the Operations team have the opportunity to create, develop and implement some of the most complex global operations around the world. As an Operations Specialist, you will have ownership of one or more Google People Services processes and will be responsible for operating it reliably, and driving continuous improvements. You will perform core work (solving for Googler/Candidate inquiries/issues, data management and reporting, data audits, etc.), problem solve for special cases, manage initiatives to improve and roll out new and existing processes/programs. Your responsibilities may include management of other stakeholders involved, such as vendors or other program partners.  This position provides an excellent opportunity to get a broad overview of People Operations at Google. You will have the opportunity to learn about a variety of People Operations processes and to interact with stakeholders in different teams within APAC and globally. In addition, you will acquire skills in the areas of project/program management, process improvement, metrics and measurements and vendor management.Great just isn't good enough for our People Operations team (you probably know us better as "Human Resources"). Made up of equal parts HR professionals, former consultants and analysts, we're the champions of Google's colorful culture. In People Ops, we "find them, grow them, and keep them" - we bring the world's most innovative people to Google and provide the programs that help them thrive. Whether recruiting the next great Googler, refining our core programs, developing talent or simply looking for ways to inject some more fun into the lives of our Googlers, we bring a data-driven approach that is reinventing the human resources field.
100	Google	Innovation (Research) Specialist	New York, NY, United States	description-section:  Responsibilities   Inform the yearly research strategy for the Executive Development team. Influence program curriculum and offerings, bringing findings into leadership development experiences, refining the Executive Development research methodology over time. Run research studies end-to-end, including scoping research questions, executing research (both quantitative and qualitative) and packaging results. Curate research findings in unique and provocative ways (white papers, podcasts, etc.). Partner with other research groups at Google to amplify insights across efforts. Bring thought leadership to others across the People Operations community; present research findings to Google’s most senior leaders and to external audiences. Build an annual thought conference from scratch. Leverage creativity, curiosity, and collaboration to investigate undiscovered territory.   Qualifications  Minimum qualifications: Master's degree in a social science field (Anthropology, Liberal Arts, Sociology), or equivalent practical experience. 8 years of relevant experience, particularly in a thought leadership or research role. Experience designing and delivering keynote addresses to executive audiences. Qualitative and quantitative research experience. Preferred qualifications: High-level of critical thinking. Proven ability to make research findings practical and useful. Background in innovation, futurist methods, or other non-traditional research disciplines. Marketing, writing, and/or graphic design background. Demonstrated success in a fast-paced, dynamic work environment. Background in leadership development theory. ;description-section text: Note: By applying to this position your application is automatically submitted to the following locations: Mountain View, CA, USA; San Francisco, CA, USA; Boulder, CO, USA; New York, NY, USA;description-section text with-benefits: Our PeopleDev team works hard to ensure every Googler has access to the resources they need to become their best personal and professional selves. We leverage tools, technology, and innovative formats to scale learning and support Googlers at all stages of their careers — from Noogler Orientation, to manager training, to leadership development, and more. We have four key beliefs about learning — that it is personal, social, a process, and happens in real life — and we infuse these beliefs throughout the wide array of learning and development opportunities at Google. As a PeopleDev team member, you'll always be thinking about new ways to help others grow, and you share a passion for empowering Googlers to unlock their full potential. As a Innovation (Research) Specialist, you’ll conduct studies from inception to completion. This role requires taking on multiple perspectives, refined systems thinking and the ability to make sense out of complex inputs. You have strong understanding of how to translate research findings into practical application. This is not a traditional research job; you will be using a new methodology that is highly qualitative in nature and leverages futurist tools.Great just isn't good enough for our People Operations team (you probably know us better as "Human Resources"). Made up of equal parts HR professionals, former consultants and analysts, we're the champions of Google's colorful culture. In People Ops, we "find them, grow them, and keep them" - we bring the world's most innovative people to Google and provide the programs that help them thrive. Whether recruiting the next great Googler, refining our core programs, developing talent or simply looking for ways to inject some more fun into the lives of our Googlers, we bring a data-driven approach that is reinventing the human resources field.
101	Google	Engineering Practicum Intern 2018	Shanghai, China	description-section:  Responsibilities   Specific responsibilities vary by project area.   Qualifications  Minimum qualifications: Currently enrolled in a 4 year Bachelor's degree program, majoring, or intending to major, in Computer Science or a closely related field at a university in the same country/region of the session to which you are applying. Must be in your second year of education. Preferred qualifications: Programming experience in either Java, Python, C, or C++. ;description-section text: For immediate consideration, please send a text (ASCII), HTML, PDF or DOC version of your resume in English to jobs@google.com. Important: The subject field of your email must include Engineering Practicum Intern 2018 - Beijing or Shanghai. Our team will review applications on a rolling basis and it's in the candidate's best interests to apply early. All hiring will be completed by the end of May 2018. This internship will run from between July 2018 to October 2018, for a consecutive 14 weeks. Thank you for your patience while we consider your application.Note: By applying to this position your application is automatically submitted to the following locations: Beijing, China; Shanghai, China;description-section text with-benefits: Google aspires to be an organization that reflects the globally diverse audience that our search engine and tools serve. We believe that, in addition to hiring the best talent, a diversity of perspectives, ideas and cultures leads to the creation of better products and services.  Google is invested in increasing the pipeline of future computer scientists and software developers, particularly those who are historically underrepresented in the field. Many aspiring computer scientists could benefit from a program that bridges the gap between academic study and a professional internship. We want to inspire these students to continue in the field with this program.  With this in mind, Google is pleased to announce that the 2018 Engineering Practicum internship program will now be open to university students currently in their second year, majoring, or intending to major in, Computer Science or a related subject. This program includes three main components: a software project, skills-based training and professional development.  This internship program includes: Software Project: A three-month development project that you will work on with a team of Googlers and other Engineering Practicum interns. Skills-Based Training: Enhance your coding skills, and gain exposure to new tools and programming languages. Professional Development: Attend ongoing technical talks by senior Googlers. Additionally, learn how to enhance your resume, tackle technical interviews, and improve your presentation skills. Mentorship: Be matched with a Google engineer, other than your manager, who will guide you through your summer experience. Fun: Participate in social activities, community building and networking. Build relationships with your peers. Exposure: Gain a unique glimpse into applying your computer science studies in a professional environment.Google is and always will be an engineering company. We hire people with a broad set of technical skills who are ready to tackle some of technology's greatest challenges and make an impact on millions, if not billions, of users. At Google, engineers not only revolutionize search, they routinely work on massive scalability and storage solutions, large-scale applications and entirely new platforms for developers around the world. From AdWords to Chrome, Android to YouTube, Social to Local, Google engineers are changing the world one technological achievement after another.
102	Nest	Test Engineer - Web	Palo Alto, CA, United States	description-section:  Responsibilities   Specific responsibilities vary by project area.   Qualifications  Minimum qualifications: Currently enrolled in a 4 year Bachelor's degree program, majoring, or intending to major, in Computer Science or a closely related field at a university in the same country/region of the session to which you are applying. Must be in your second year of education. Preferred qualifications: Programming experience in either Java, Python, C, or C++. ;description-section text: For immediate consideration, please send a text (ASCII), HTML, PDF or DOC version of your resume in English to jobs@google.com. Important: The subject field of your email must include Engineering Practicum Intern 2018 - Beijing or Shanghai. Our team will review applications on a rolling basis and it's in the candidate's best interests to apply early. All hiring will be completed by the end of May 2018. This internship will run from between July 2018 to October 2018, for a consecutive 14 weeks. Thank you for your patience while we consider your application.Note: By applying to this position your application is automatically submitted to the following locations: Beijing, China; Shanghai, China;description-section text with-benefits:  Are you passionate about applying technologies that make an impact? At Nest you'll have the opportunity to shape the consumer electronics business, join a world class engineering team, and help revolutionize the next unloved device in our homes. With hundreds of thousands of Nest customers touching our apps daily to make their homes and their families safer, more comfortable, and more energy efficient; our apps receive global visibility, both internally and externally.  Nest’s Integration Engineering team is looking for a strong Test Engineer for Nest products. As a Test Engineer you will focus on test planning and automation working cross-functionally to help us increase our release velocity with the quality level we thrive for our customers. Responsibilities:  Contribute on the test automation efforts from planning and organization, to coding and execution  Lead the efforts of execution and analysis of automation build results  Investigate and troubleshoot issues  Work with a small team of top-tier developers who are designing great user experiences and building truly great applications for the Web  Ensure that features are being delivered efficiently and on-time  Work with Nest Apps and Product teams to build an automation driven test approach for different products and feature releases  Minimum qualifications:  3+ years of experience building test automation for web products within a large scale enterprise environment  3+ years of recent development experience in Python  Experience in Webdriver/Selenium  Bachelor’s degree in Computer Science, Computer Engineering, or equivalent is required  Preferred qualifications:  Understanding of modern Javascript (ES6+), CSS, HTML, and web application design  Experience in ReactJS, AngularJS or Polymer  Experience with embedded product to backend service APIs and transaction models  Excellent verbal and written communication skills  Passion for quality and an advocate for the user <span*LI-DNI
103	X	Operations Program Manager, X	Bengaluru, India	description-section:  Responsibilities   Drive operations for X projects in India - manage vendors, driving them to successfully execute to completion at quality standards; participate hands-on when necessary. Ensure customer satisfaction - follow up with customers to ensure on-schedule delivery of commitments; be on-call for escalations and support after product installation. Help shape and execute our vendor management strategy for day-to-day operations - set targets, priorities, and expectations with vendors; influence staffing models and hiring plans; spot and rectify structural problems; incentivize our vendor organizations to execute efficiently towards business needs. Be the in-region face of X towards the customer - manage exec-level relationships with customer CEOs and COOs; successfully handle pressure from customers without impacting the quality of the product and other project needs. Work closely and collaboratively with Business Development/Partnership teams and project leadership; help scale the business by improving processes and identifying new scaling partners (e.g. work with vendors to develop training programs for customers); act as thought and execution partner in APAC to project leadership in Mountain View, working remotely via video chat and traveling within India and to Mountain View 50% of the time or more.   Qualifications  Minimum qualifications: 10 years of experience in the telecom or computer networking industry Prior people management and operations experience Experience working with Government-owned entities as customers. Experience influencing senior executive stakeholders as well as balancing competing priorities and multiple time-sensitive projects. Preferred qualifications: Bachelor's degree in an engineering field or equivalent practical experience MBA Assertive but capable of inspiring and leading others; experience in scaling a business. Entrepreneurial and resourceful with an ability to communicate effectively and get things done with little direction ;description-section text: For immediate consideration, please send a text (ASCII), HTML, PDF or DOC version of your resume in English to jobs@google.com. Important: The subject field of your email must include Engineering Practicum Intern 2018 - Beijing or Shanghai. Our team will review applications on a rolling basis and it's in the candidate's best interests to apply early. All hiring will be completed by the end of May 2018. This internship will run from between July 2018 to October 2018, for a consecutive 14 weeks. Thank you for your patience while we consider your application.Note: By applying to this position your application is automatically submitted to the following locations: Beijing, China; Shanghai, China;description-section text with-benefits: This is an opportunity to bring unconnected people online with Free Space Optical Communications technology, starting in APAC. You will experience the thrill of working on a small entrepreneurial team and as one of our first hires in India, influence how other X products and teams successfully execute and scale businesses in India and APAC.  You will dive straight into leading product deployment strategy and operations for the project in India, acting as a thought and execution partner to the project leadership team and our internal and external stakeholders. This will require working remotely via video chat with X’s Mountain View, California team and traveling 50% of the time or more, sometimes on short notice, within India and to Mountain View. X is a moonshot factory where uncomfortably ambitious, potentially world-changing new ideas such as self-driving cars, balloon-powered Internet and smart contact lenses are developed and taken out into the world. X projects have the potential to transform the lives of billions of people and make the world a radically better place. We’re a team of makers, entrepreneurs, engineers and scientists with deep technical expertise who love the challenge of the seemingly impossible. X was formerly known as Google[x].
104	Google	Agency Lead	Sydney, Australia	description-section:  Responsibilities   Develop and cultivate Google’s relationships with the Business Directors of our agency partners. Manage relationships with specific agency accounts, driving the strategy, trading terms and execution of annual agency partnership plans for Google. Build the business capabilities of our agencies. Assess the product capabilities of our agency partners. Build and deliver high-impact training program to fill any gaps. Develop strategic business opportunities that help to create longer term opportunities for Google. Develop and negotiate annual agency display commitments with our agency partners.   Qualifications  Minimum qualifications: BA/BS degree or equivalent practical experience. 8 years of online sales (e.g. display, etc) and/or business-development experience. Experience in digital advertising sales/media management. Preferred qualifications: Experience in a comparable position in the online advertising industry. Broad knowledge across all of Google’s product portfolio, with demonstrated display market awareness. Established relationships and presence within the agency marketplace Demonstrated sales and negotiation skills. Exemplary stakeholder management and relationship building skills. Effective communication and presentation skills. ;description-section text: For immediate consideration, please send a text (ASCII), HTML, PDF or DOC version of your resume in English to jobs@google.com. Important: The subject field of your email must include Engineering Practicum Intern 2018 - Beijing or Shanghai. Our team will review applications on a rolling basis and it's in the candidate's best interests to apply early. All hiring will be completed by the end of May 2018. This internship will run from between July 2018 to October 2018, for a consecutive 14 weeks. Thank you for your patience while we consider your application.Note: By applying to this position your application is automatically submitted to the following locations: Beijing, China; Shanghai, China;description-section text with-benefits: Businesses that partner with Google come in all shapes, sizes and market caps, and no one Google advertising solution works for all. Your knowledge of online media combined with your communication skills and analytical abilities shapes how new and existing business grow. Using your influencing and relationship-building skills, you provide Google-caliber client service, research and market analysis. You anticipate how decisions are made, persistently explore and uncover the business needs of Google's key clients and understand how our range of product offerings can grow their business. Working with them, you set the vision and the strategy for how their advertising can reach thousands of users.Our Large Customer Sales teams partner closely with many of the world’s biggest advertisers and agencies to develop digital solutions that build strong businesses and brands. We enjoy a bird’s eye view on the massive transformation occurring as advertising shifts to mobile and online platforms. We're uniquely situated to help shape how companies grow their businesses in the digital age. We advise clients on Google's broad range of products across search, video and mobile to help them connect instantly and seamlessly with their audiences.
105	Google	Software Engineer, University Graduate (2018)	Zürich, Switzerland	description-section:  Responsibilities   Research, conceive and develop software applications to extend and improve on Google's product offering. Contribute to a wide variety of projects utilizing natural language processing, artificial intelligence, data compression, machine learning and search technologies. Collaborate on scalability issues involving access to massive amounts of data and information. Solve all problems that come your way.   Qualifications  Minimum qualifications: BA/BS in Computer Science, a related technical field, or equivalent practical experience. Experience with programming in C++ and/or Java. Experience in computer science, data structures, algorithms and software design. Preferred qualifications: MS or PhD in Computer Science or related technical field. Demonstrated skills in modern web development, Python or JavaScript, database design, SQL, and/or knowledge of TCP/IP and network programming. Strong object-oriented skills. ;description-section text: Note: Applicants for this role must be able to start working in 2018.;description-section text with-benefits: Google's software engineers develop the next-generation technologies that change how billions of users connect, explore, and interact with information and one another. Our products need to handle information at massive scale, and extend well beyond web search. We're looking for engineers who bring fresh ideas from all areas, including information retrieval, distributed computing, large-scale system design, networking and data storage, security, artificial intelligence, natural language processing, UI design and mobile; the list goes on and is growing every day. As a software engineer, you will work on a specific project critical to Google’s needs with opportunities to switch teams and projects as you and our fast-paced business grow and evolve. We need our engineers to be versatile, display leadership qualities and be enthusiastic to tackle new problems across the full-stack as we continue to push technology forward.As a key member of a small and versatile team, you design, test, deploy and maintain software solutions.Google is and always will be an engineering company. We hire people with a broad set of technical skills who are ready to take on some of technology's greatest challenges and make an impact on millions, if not billions, of users. At Google, engineers not only revolutionize search, they routinely work on massive scalability and storage solutions, large-scale applications and entirely new platforms for developers around the world. From AdWords to Chrome, Android to YouTube, Social to Local, Google engineers are changing the world one technological achievement after another.
106	Google	Team Lead, Mobile App Developer Sales (English, Korean)	Seoul, South Korea	description-section:  Responsibilities   Secure clients by presenting mobile app promotion marketing solutions and creating relevant ad campaigns. Work within a team that supports mobile apps, and educate customers on the opportunities within them. Thrive in forming cross-functional relationships with other stakeholders to realize advertiser goals. Develop sales presentation strategies that optimize the market potential. Provide the ultimate in client service by giving potential new customers the attention they need and deserve. Contribute to the development of Google’s comprehensive suite of app promo products.   Qualifications  Minimum qualifications: BA/BS degree or equivalent practical experience. Experience in strategic sales, and developing new business growth streams. Experience managing a team and managing strategic business goals. Ability to speak and write in English and Korean fluently and idiomatically. Preferred qualifications:  5 years of experience in advertising sales, account management and/or client services. Experience in sales/operations management and strategic planning. Understanding of the app developer ecosystem. Effective communication, facilitation, analytical and problem-solving abilities. ;description-section text: Note: Applicants for this role must be able to start working in 2018.;description-section text with-benefits: Businesses that partner with Google come in all shapes, sizes and market caps, and no one Google advertising solution works for all. Your knowledge of online media combined with your communication skills and analytical abilities shapes how new and existing business grow. Using your influencing and relationship-building skills, you provide Google-caliber client service, research and market analysis. You anticipate how decisions are made, persistently explore and uncover the business needs of Google's key clients and understand how our range of product offerings can grow their business. Working with them, you set the vision and the strategy for how their advertising can reach thousands of users. In this role, you will focus on leading a team as a people manager and being responsible for business growth of Korea business for both Apps and Games. The Mobile App Developer sales team has big ambitions and global reach. You'll work with the next generation of mobile-first businesses, leading a team of account representatives to exceed goals and drive change to accelerate Google’s position in the fast-growing and strategic business of app install.  As a Team Lead, you'll be responsible for the regional new business strategy, scaling the business and lead a team to deliver on our advertisers’ app marketing goals. You will set strategic objectives and take an analytical approach to sales management, cultivate relationships with key strategic clients in an assigned region, develop sales best practices with your direct reports, define and prioritize growth opportunities and collaborate with regional cross-functional stakeholders. When our millions of advertisers and publishers are happy, so are we! Our team of entrepreneurial, enthusiastic and client-focused team members are the "human face" of Google, helping entrepreneurs both individually and broadly build their online presence and grow their businesses. We are dedicated to growing the unique needs of advertising companies. Our teams of strategists, analysts, advisers and support specialists collaborate closely to spot and analyze customer needs and trends. Together, we create and implement business plans broadly for every type of businesses.
107	Google	Strategy and Business Manager, Go-to-Market, Google Cloud	Singapore	description-section:  Responsibilities   Partner with Sales Directors and managers to develop the team’s business plan/insights, process improvement and Go-to-Market strategy, becoming a trusted advisor. Manage annual and quarterly planning processes, which include the development of business plans, operating model, resource allocation, market segmentation, vertical prioritization and compensation design. Identify, structure, and lead/work on strategic initiatives and business programs (e.g. strategic planning, business scaling, resource allocation/trade-offs, growth programs and performance improvement programs). Participate in and help steer global initiatives as appropriate and ensure that they are rolled out effectively to the team. Drive operational improvements for team, including optimizing resource allocation across sales teams, measuring progress against goals, and facilitating management discussions and decisions.   Qualifications  Minimum qualifications: BA/BS degree or equivalent practical experience. 6 years of experience in Management Consulting, Investment Banking, Corporate Strategy, or equivalent project management experience in a technology/media company.  Preferred qualifications: Experience executing complex strategic and operational initiatives. Knowledge of cloud technologies, products and market landscape. Ability to manage internal client relationships and translate needs into practical, scalable solutions. Demonstrated diverse cultural understanding and comfortable working with global teams. Ability to pay attention to detail while handling multiple, simultaneous projects in a fast-paced environment. Distinctive problem-solving and project management skills. Excellent communication and facilitation capabilities, proven track record of building relationships with senior stakeholders. ;description-section text: Note: Applicants for this role must be able to start working in 2018.;description-section text with-benefits: The Go-to-Market Strategy and Operations organization partners with Sales and other cross functional leads within JAPAC to provide thoughtful, business critical insights, ensure alignment of goals and execution, and helps teams drive strategic partnerships and new initiatives going forward. We stay focused on aligning the highest-level company priorities with executable short and long term strategies coupled with strong day-to-day operations, and help evolve early stage ideas into future-growth initiatives.  As a Strategy and Business Manager for Google Cloud, you will use your leadership skills, business acumen and creativity to drive for better business decisions, and partner with leadership within Sales and other critical cross functions to implement these initiatives/decisions. In doing so, you'll have the opportunity to materially impact one of the fastest growing businesses in the industry. Reporting to the Head of Cloud Go-to-Market Operations for APAC, you will be confident working independently in a fast-paced, constantly evolving global executive environment.Google Cloud helps millions of employees and organizations empower their employees, serve their customers, and build what’s next for their business — all with technology built in the cloud. Our products are engineered for security, reliability and scalability, running the full stack from infrastructure to applications to devices and hardware. And our teams are dedicated to helping our customers — developers, small and large businesses, educational institutions and government agencies — see the benefits of our technology come to life.
108	Google	Google People Services, Immigration Specialist	Singapore	description-section:  Responsibilities   Deliver seamless, high touch mobility support to external hires and relocating Googlers to ensure a smooth Onboarding at Google. This includes monitoring case work, further immigration projects, exception and escalation management Partner with the Regional Immigration Manager and Google’s designated immigration partner, to ensure operational efficiency and timely delivery of services; participate in cross-group collaboration with other teams involved in the mobility process Analyze day to day immigration matters and effectively communicate solutions to internal clients in collaboration with outside immigration counsel Define, collect and analyse user feedback and process metrics. Use insights gathered to scale existing processes for growing and/or changing user needs Create and maintain policy and process documentation and internal facing support resources. Develop training materials and deliver training as needed for local stakeholders/ key partners   Qualifications  Minimum qualifications: BA/BS degree or equivalent practical experience 4 years of experience in employment based immigration. Experience in customer/user service delivery in large scale environments. Preferred qualifications: Experience driving user-focused improvements, navigating/influencing cross-functional teams to drive change and analysing data/trends. Demonstrated strong immigration know-how (knowledge of the APAC landscape) and experience in Immigration case management. Ability to establish and maintain effective relationships and partnerships with key stakeholders Ability to self-start and self-direct work in an ambiguous environment. High level of creativity, perseverance and openness to change. Strong interpersonal, teamwork and organizational skills ; demonstrated attention to detail with time-management and multitasking skills. Superior verbal and written communication skills, with an emphasis on tact and diplomacy ;description-section text: Note: Applicants for this role must be able to start working in 2018.;description-section text with-benefits: The Google People Services, Operations function is the services and program management group within People Operations that makes HR stuff easy and intuitive for Googlers. Our global team optimizes people processes, from problem definition to execution. We partner with teams across People Operations and in engineering to bring innovation and technology to the way we attract, retain and grow Googlers worldwide. We focus on providing an amazing experience to past, present and future Googlers, and work in Google’s fast-paced environment to deliver 100+ operational services, manage the contingent workforce and implement HR programs across 70+ countries. Regardless of location or level of experience, members of the Operations team have the opportunity to create, develop and implement some of the most complex global operations around the world. The Google People Services, Operations (GPS Ops) function is a services and program management group, that makes HR easy and intuitive for Googlers. Our focus is on creating magical HR experiences for past, present and future Googlers working in Google’s fast-paced environment and overseeing the end-to-end global delivery of 100+ operational HR services, contingent workforce and HR programs (from problem definition, solution design through to execution). We partner with teams across Google HR (People Operations), engineering and external partners to bring innovation and technology to the way we attract, retain and grow Googlers worldwide.  The Global Mobility team plays a role of a key partner for the talent supply chain and hiring at Google. In this role, you will work closely with the Regional Immigration Program Manager and our Immigrations vendor partner, advising on specific immigration issues, and supporting the immigration process in APAC. You will be part of a fast-paced, user-focused and global mobility team that leverages company philosophy, technology and your industry expertise to ensure a superb experience for Googlers and our partners.Great just isn't good enough for our People Operations team (you probably know us better as "Human Resources"). Made up of equal parts HR professionals, former consultants and analysts, we're the champions of Google's colorful culture. In People Ops, we "find them, grow them, and keep them" - we bring the world's most innovative people to Google and provide the programs that help them thrive. Whether recruiting the next great Googler, refining our core programs, developing talent or simply looking for ways to inject some more fun into the lives of our Googlers, we bring a data-driven approach that is reinventing the human resources field.
109	Google	Brand Program Manager, Global Hardware Marketing	Mountain View, CA, United States	description-section:  Responsibilities  Collaborate cross-functionally across all hardware teams (such as Retail Marketing, Product Marketing, Creative, the Social & Influencer team, CRM, the Google Store).Establish product brand and creative needs and initiate creative kick-off. Coordinate, manage, organize and track these assets and associated project plans, timelines, milestones, reviews, approvals and budgets. Communicate and diffuse these assets across channels.Produce aspects of brand guidelines and toolkits.Provide general identification of team needs in relation to process, tools, documentation, asset management, etc. and drive and implement required changes. Provide general product air traffic control including the assignment of resources, assessment of risk and the meeting of project deadlines.Assist with hardware launch and additional events including managing the work streams leading to key hardware events and ensuring team alignment on key dates and deliverables.  Qualifications  Minimum qualifications:Bachelor's degree or equivalent practical experience.4 years of experience with program and project management. Experience with the creative process.Experience with digital asset management.Ability to travel within the Bay Area and the United States, and occasionally internationally.Preferred qualifications:Experience working with product marketing, particularly previous work history in consumer electronics or other consumer goods.Familiarity with Google Drive, video and digital production, and website production.Exceptional people management skills with a focus on collaboration in a fast paced environment and proven ability to proactively establish rapport, credibility and influence.Self-motivated, flexible individual with strong communication and leadership skills.Incredibly organized and comfortable with tracking multiple work streams and teams simultaneously. Ability to balance working in a creatively-driven organization, with an analytical and disciplined approach to marketing.Resourceful, adaptable, creative and results-oriented with enthusiasm and a positive attitude. A team player with a sense of humor and an appetite to do big things.;description-section text: Note: Applicants for this role must be able to start working in 2018.;description-section text with-benefits: As a Brand Program Manager (BPgM) within the Brand Team, you will combine expert project management skills with a passion for brand marketing to help build, launch and run global hardware brand and product projects. You are a master planner, and will be the glue between the work of the Brand Team, Product Marketing, Customer Marketing, creatives, researchers, and Product Managers. You will work closely with Creative Leads and Product Marketing Managers to drive products and experiences towards launch (and during times of high demand), ensure brand consistency, and keep all operational trains on the tracks.Be part of building the hardware business at Google, a strategic bet Google has recently made by doubling-down on our commitment via the creation of a new Product Area with dedicated leadership and deep investment in building a world-class product portfolio and brand. Google is committed to building radically helpful experiences for customers at the intersection of hardware, software and Artificial Intelligence, and we’re growing the team.The Hardware Marketing team spans product marketing, retail marketing, customer marketing, brand, advertising, the Google Store and many other areas in supporting all Google’s Hardware products including Pixel phones, the Pixelbook products, the Google Home family and many more.Sitting within the Hardware Marketing team, the Global Hardware Brand Team is responsible for global brand and content strategy, creative asset development, cross-product strategy and marketing, and for the launch of all Google’s Hardware products.Know the user. Know the magic. Connect the two. At its core, marketing at Google starts with technology and ends with the user, bringing both together in unconventional ways. Our job is to demonstrate how Google's products solve the world's problems--from the everyday to the epic, from the mundane to the monumental. And we approach marketing in a way that only Google can--changing the game, redefining the medium, making the user the priority, and ultimately, letting the technology speak for itself.
110	Nest	Product Manager - New Product Innovation	Palo Alto, CA, United States	description-section:  Responsibilities  Collaborate cross-functionally across all hardware teams (such as Retail Marketing, Product Marketing, Creative, the Social & Influencer team, CRM, the Google Store).Establish product brand and creative needs and initiate creative kick-off. Coordinate, manage, organize and track these assets and associated project plans, timelines, milestones, reviews, approvals and budgets. Communicate and diffuse these assets across channels.Produce aspects of brand guidelines and toolkits.Provide general identification of team needs in relation to process, tools, documentation, asset management, etc. and drive and implement required changes. Provide general product air traffic control including the assignment of resources, assessment of risk and the meeting of project deadlines.Assist with hardware launch and additional events including managing the work streams leading to key hardware events and ensuring team alignment on key dates and deliverables.  Qualifications  Minimum qualifications:Bachelor's degree or equivalent practical experience.4 years of experience with program and project management. Experience with the creative process.Experience with digital asset management.Ability to travel within the Bay Area and the United States, and occasionally internationally.Preferred qualifications:Experience working with product marketing, particularly previous work history in consumer electronics or other consumer goods.Familiarity with Google Drive, video and digital production, and website production.Exceptional people management skills with a focus on collaboration in a fast paced environment and proven ability to proactively establish rapport, credibility and influence.Self-motivated, flexible individual with strong communication and leadership skills.Incredibly organized and comfortable with tracking multiple work streams and teams simultaneously. Ability to balance working in a creatively-driven organization, with an analytical and disciplined approach to marketing.Resourceful, adaptable, creative and results-oriented with enthusiasm and a positive attitude. A team player with a sense of humor and an appetite to do big things.;description-section text: Note: Applicants for this role must be able to start working in 2018.;description-section text with-benefits: Nest’s mission is to create a home that takes care of the people inside it and the world around it. Our homes are special places, but often replete with unloved products that don’t fulfill their promise: programmable thermostats that no one programs, smoke and security alarms with dead batteries that remain disarmed, video cameras that are a pain to check. So we reinvent: a thermostat that learns, a smoke detector and security system that can speak to you, a video camera that recognizes people -- technology married with beautiful design, invited into millions of homes. But our mission is broad and deep, and we have a long way to go.  Help define the future of the Thoughtful Home as a Product Manager on Nest’s New Product Innovation Team. As a Product Manager at Nest, you’ll play a pivotal role in helping shape the connected, smart home industry through the beautiful products and services we bring to our users and partners. The work:  Be the product owner for one or more new products and categories that Nest is exploring: ideate, develop business cases (including the vision, value proposition, positioning, market opportunity, roadmap and forecast, and strategy), dogfood, launch high quality products, drive the business, and iterate  Foster collaboration with design, research, engineering, program management, business, and leadership teams to develop on-brand products  Evaluate 3rd-party product, technology, service, and partnership opportunities outside of Nest, including engaging with startups and other Alphabet companies  Stay up-to-date on connected home industry dynamics and trends  Be an effective internal spokesperson for your product Minimum qualifications: BA / BS in Electrical Engineering, Mechanical Engineering, Computer Science, or related technical field  4+ years of product management experience or equivalent, with track record of successful consumer product launches  Expertise in driving products to market Preferred qualifications: Strong leadership, analytical, product insight, technical and creative skills  Excellent communication and product storytelling skills  Entrepreneurial drive and passion for innovation  Adept at working cross-functionally  Consumer electronics experience  Passion for Nest products and the connected home industry  MBA or equivalent 
111	Nest	Software Engineer, Tools and Infrastructure - Web	Palo Alto, CA, United States	description-section:  Responsibilities  Collaborate cross-functionally across all hardware teams (such as Retail Marketing, Product Marketing, Creative, the Social & Influencer team, CRM, the Google Store).Establish product brand and creative needs and initiate creative kick-off. Coordinate, manage, organize and track these assets and associated project plans, timelines, milestones, reviews, approvals and budgets. Communicate and diffuse these assets across channels.Produce aspects of brand guidelines and toolkits.Provide general identification of team needs in relation to process, tools, documentation, asset management, etc. and drive and implement required changes. Provide general product air traffic control including the assignment of resources, assessment of risk and the meeting of project deadlines.Assist with hardware launch and additional events including managing the work streams leading to key hardware events and ensuring team alignment on key dates and deliverables.  Qualifications  Minimum qualifications:Bachelor's degree or equivalent practical experience.4 years of experience with program and project management. Experience with the creative process.Experience with digital asset management.Ability to travel within the Bay Area and the United States, and occasionally internationally.Preferred qualifications:Experience working with product marketing, particularly previous work history in consumer electronics or other consumer goods.Familiarity with Google Drive, video and digital production, and website production.Exceptional people management skills with a focus on collaboration in a fast paced environment and proven ability to proactively establish rapport, credibility and influence.Self-motivated, flexible individual with strong communication and leadership skills.Incredibly organized and comfortable with tracking multiple work streams and teams simultaneously. Ability to balance working in a creatively-driven organization, with an analytical and disciplined approach to marketing.Resourceful, adaptable, creative and results-oriented with enthusiasm and a positive attitude. A team player with a sense of humor and an appetite to do big things.;description-section text: Note: Applicants for this role must be able to start working in 2018.;description-section text with-benefits:  Are you passionate about applying technologies that make an impact? At Nest you'll have the opportunity to shape the consumer electronics business, join a world class engineering team, and help revolutionize the next unloved device in our homes. With hundreds of thousands of Nest customers touching our apps daily to make their homes and their families safer, more comfortable, and more energy efficient; our apps receive global visibility, both internally and externally.  Nest’s Integration Engineering team is looking for a strong Software Engineer, Tools & Infrastructure - Developer for Nest products. Your focus is to develop tools, frameworks, virtual/physical fixtures, and supporting infrastructure to ensure we can collect and analyze the data that drives critical product, business, and quality decisions for our customers.  The work:  Architect and develop web test automation frameworks, performance benchmark monitoring tools and other automation pipelines to measure release quality and velocity  Analyze and decompose a complex software system  Work with a small team of top-tier developers who are designing great user experiences and building truly great applications for the Web  Participate in scrums consisting of cross functional teams, both software and hardware  In addition to code contribution, you will also participate in architectural review and design  Minimum qualifications:  3+ years of experience building automation frameworks and Tools for web products within a large scale enterprise environment  3+ years of recent development experience in Python  3+ years of recent development experience on a Linux platform  Bachelor’s degree in Computer Science, Computer Engineering, or equivalent is required  Preferred qualifications:  Experience in Webdriver/Selenium  Deep understanding of modern Javascript (ES6+), CSS, HTML, and web application design  Experience in ReactJS, AngularJS or Polymer  Experience with embedded product to backend service APIs and transaction models  Proven experience with impacting and influencing Development teams on Unit testing tools, coverage tools  Strong communicator with a proven track record of working collaboratively on complex projects  Passion for quality and an advocate for the user 
112	Nest	Manager - Nest Field Trials	Palo Alto, CA, United States	description-section:  Responsibilities  Collaborate cross-functionally across all hardware teams (such as Retail Marketing, Product Marketing, Creative, the Social & Influencer team, CRM, the Google Store).Establish product brand and creative needs and initiate creative kick-off. Coordinate, manage, organize and track these assets and associated project plans, timelines, milestones, reviews, approvals and budgets. Communicate and diffuse these assets across channels.Produce aspects of brand guidelines and toolkits.Provide general identification of team needs in relation to process, tools, documentation, asset management, etc. and drive and implement required changes. Provide general product air traffic control including the assignment of resources, assessment of risk and the meeting of project deadlines.Assist with hardware launch and additional events including managing the work streams leading to key hardware events and ensuring team alignment on key dates and deliverables.  Qualifications  Minimum qualifications:Bachelor's degree or equivalent practical experience.4 years of experience with program and project management. Experience with the creative process.Experience with digital asset management.Ability to travel within the Bay Area and the United States, and occasionally internationally.Preferred qualifications:Experience working with product marketing, particularly previous work history in consumer electronics or other consumer goods.Familiarity with Google Drive, video and digital production, and website production.Exceptional people management skills with a focus on collaboration in a fast paced environment and proven ability to proactively establish rapport, credibility and influence.Self-motivated, flexible individual with strong communication and leadership skills.Incredibly organized and comfortable with tracking multiple work streams and teams simultaneously. Ability to balance working in a creatively-driven organization, with an analytical and disciplined approach to marketing.Resourceful, adaptable, creative and results-oriented with enthusiasm and a positive attitude. A team player with a sense of humor and an appetite to do big things.;description-section text: Note: Applicants for this role must be able to start working in 2018.;description-section text with-benefits: Nest’s Field Trial team is looking for a strong Technical Program Manager to manage all aspects of the Field Trial programs (Beta testing) for a category of Nest products. You will play a key role in developing test requirements, managing cross-functional communication, creating and driving the overall FT schedule, identifying and mitigating risk at all stages, and delivering actionable feedback and bug reports that contribute to major product decisions to ultimately ship high-quality products. The work:  Own all aspects of Field Trial programs for a category of Nest products (ex HVAC or Security) including test definition, recruiting, population management, reporting, and continually identifying methods to improve quantity and quality of tester feedback  Manage, track, prioritize bugs, and general product improvements  Set criteria and execute the recruiting of internal and external testers for a given program  Communicate program status, risks, and next steps to internal stakeholder teams  Manage multiple Field Trial programs around the world simultaneously, including new HW programs, SW updates, app releases, and expansion programs  Minimum qualifications:  BA/BS degree or equivalent experience  2+ years in Program Management  Preferred qualifications:  Strong project/program management skills  Excellent written and oral communication, analytical, and interpersonal skills  Ability to effectively communicate and collaborate with a diverse range of people and job functions  Ability to work as an individual contributor and to contribute as part of a larger team  Deadline and detail-oriented  Exceptional problem-solving, negotiation, and organizational skills  Proven ability to work as part of a fast-paced team  Experience with survey creation and other methods to obtain user feedback about the product experience  Consumer electronics industry experience  Project/Program Management Certification  Proficient with data querying and visualization tools (e.g., SQL,Tableau)  The ideal candidate must have a positive, can-do attitude with a desire to do what it takes to contribute to the overall success of a program 
113	Google	Staffing Content Specialist, Diversity and Inclusion	Chicago, IL, United States	description-section:  Responsibilities   Identify opportunities for staffers to build their understanding of diversity, equity, and inclusion. Partner with PeopleDev, LearningNav, and EDII to design a development journey, through the lens of diversity, equity, and inclusion, for the full staffer lifecycle. This includes both standalone trainings and integration of diversity, equity, inclusion mindsets, language and principles into all existing and new staffer trainings. Partner with EDII and the Hiring Innovation team to ensure the diversity, equity, and inclusion related content in staffing trainings is aligned with interviewer training to promote common language and mindsets. Ensure the resources designed to support staffer development (FAQ docs, candidate talking points, etc.) stay relevant and are well socialized.   Qualifications  Minimum qualifications: BA/BS degree or equivalent practical experience. 2 years of experience in learning and development. 1 year of experience in the diversity, equity or inclusion space or with related projects. Preferred qualifications: Experience building a training roadmap, specifically in the diversity and inclusion space. Ability to work in a fast-paced, constantly evolving environment. Ability to influence across multiple teams. Demonstrated high attention to detail and strong operational expertise. ;description-section text: Note: By applying to this position your application is automatically submitted to the following locations: San Francisco, CA, USA; Chicago, IL, USA; Mountain View, CA, USA; New York, NY, USA;description-section text with-benefits: Google's known for our innovative technologies, products and services -- and for the people behind them. Whether you are making our staffing systems more efficient, planning for our growth, building relationships on college campuses or cultivating the next generation of computer scientists, you have an eye on the staffing needs of Google and the broader hiring landscape. You are focused on cultivating outstanding candidates for Google's long-term hiring needs, and you are the glue that ties together a cross-functional and international group of staffing teams. You are both scrappy and resourceful, creative and driven -- and excited to share the magic of working at Google. As a Staffing Content Specialist focused on diversity, equity and inclusion, you will leverage your knowledge of learning and development best practices and exceptional execution skills to ensure our staffing organization is equipped to build a truly diverse and inclusive Google. In this specialist role, you will partner with members of the Staffing organization, PeopleDev (our Learning and Development organization), and EDII (Equity, Diversity, Inclusion, and Integrity team) to ensure that staffers have access to the relevant trainings and resources, and are developing their own expertise to become practitioners of inclusive sourcing and hiring practices. Great just isn't good enough for our People Operations team (you probably know us better as "Human Resources"). Made up of equal parts HR professionals, former consultants and analysts, we're the champions of Google's colorful culture. In People Ops, we "find them, grow them, and keep them" - we bring the world's most innovative people to Google and provide the programs that help them thrive. Whether recruiting the next great Googler, refining our core programs, developing talent or simply looking for ways to inject some more fun into the lives of our Googlers, we bring a data-driven approach that is reinventing the human resources field.
114	Google	Transformation Lead (India), Mobile Sites	Gurugram, India	description-section:  Responsibilities   Consult with customers to provide data-driven User Experience (UX) recommendations to improve the performance of their website/app. Liaise with account management teams and customers to track progress and impact. Train and lead a community of in-market product experts. Travel to supported markets where appropriate. Scale adoption across all relevant markets. Support Performance team on analytics and metric tracking, and recommend business goals for the regions. Lead initiatives and drive core cross-functional projects, including working with Developer Relations, Google Technical Services, Sales Finance, Sales Operations and other members of the Performance Solutions team.   Qualifications  Minimum qualifications: 5 years of experience in web design, app design, user experience, website development, Android development, product marketing or product management.Experience in UX A/B Testing. Experience in HTML, CSS, AMP and PWA. Experience in consultative business development and solution sales management. Experience being a product manager on front end projects in consumer-facing companies Preferred qualifications: Experience in influencing across functions and countries, and in managing virtual teams within a large organization. Experience working with e-commerce companies or performance advertisers. Demonstrated strategic and analytical capability, balanced with creativity and readiness to roll-up sleeves to drive success and impact. Demonstrated technical skills in mobile, with the ability to address our complex product offerings and to translate them simply for partners and customers. Demonstrated leadership skills, with the ability to communicate research, conceptual ideas and design rationale, all within a user-centered design process. Results-driven individual, with the ability to lead complex operational and strategic cross-functional initiatives. ;description-section text: Note: By applying to this position your application is automatically submitted to the following locations: Gurugram, Haryana, India; Mumbai, Maharashtra, India; Bengaluru, Karnataka, India;description-section text with-benefits: Businesses that partner with Google come in all shapes, sizes and market caps, and no one Google advertising solution works for all. Your knowledge of online media combined with your communication skills and analytical abilities shapes how new and existing business grow. Using your influencing and relationship-building skills, you provide Google-caliber client service, research and market analysis. You anticipate how decisions are made, persistently explore and uncover the business needs of Google's key clients and understand how our range of product offerings can grow their business. Working with them, you set the vision and the strategy for how their advertising can reach thousands of users. The Performance team is an exciting customer-facing team whose mission is to accelerate performance of complex and/or emerging Google solutions in media and measurement. We work with Large Customer Sales (LCS) Account Managers and Specialists, Go-to-Market (GTM), Product, Google Technical Services and the Operational Efficiency team to incubate complex new products, opportunities and betas, building proof points and best practices, and helping to determine the best way to scale into partner teams. We achieve this by providing specialist consultancy to some of our most strategic customers across our most complex areas.  In this role, you will act as an expert in Mobile User Experience, building critical skills for the success of online businesses. Your job will be to analyze customer web assets, deep dive into their analytics data, identify areas for improvements on their website, and help them to deploy improvements that will drive enhanced performance. You will also play a key role in scaling this expertise to other specialist teams. Our Large Customer Sales teams partner closely with many of the world’s biggest advertisers and agencies to develop digital solutions that build strong businesses and brands. We enjoy a bird’s eye view on the massive transformation occurring as advertising shifts to mobile and online platforms. We're uniquely situated to help shape how companies grow their businesses in the digital age. We advise clients on Google's broad range of products across search, video and mobile to help them connect instantly and seamlessly with their audiences.
115	Google	Principal, Financial Technology and Strategy, Alphabet	Sunnyvale, CA, United States	description-section:  Responsibilities   Innovate new business solutions, processes, and industry standards using financial technology to transform the status quo in all areas that Treasury operates in. Identify financial technology-related trends, understand implications to Alphabet and deliver recommended action plans to senior management. Lead execution on financial technology-related projects, everything from defining new opportunities to executing new technology solutions/initiatives. Work cooperatively across the Treasury team and Engineering to develop and implement new financial technology systems. Collaborate across Treasury to drive operational enhancements to Treasury’s activities including the investment portfolio, FX, cash management, payments and corporate finance.   Qualifications  Minimum qualifications:  BA/BS degree in Software/Electrical Engineering or equivalent practical experience. 7 years of experience in an investment banking, capital markets or payments role. Previous experience showing business judgment, problem solving, quantitative and analytical skills.  Preferred qualifications: Technology or computer engineering-related background or equivalent experience. Fixed Income or equity capital markets or investment experience. Project management skills including experience managing technical projects with multiple stakeholders. Proven ability to perform a variety of complicated tasks with the ability to adapt and excel in a constantly evolving and ambiguous environment. Ability to work across teams, build relationships, and influence senior managers. Demonstrated capacity for developing and understanding strategy.Accomplishments driven by principles aligned with Google’s core values including: innovation through technology; aspiring to improve and change the world; and doing the right thing. ;description-section text: Note: By applying to this position your application is automatically submitted to the following locations: Gurugram, Haryana, India; Mumbai, Maharashtra, India; Bengaluru, Karnataka, India;description-section text with-benefits: Google's Treasury team is on a mission to optimize the return on Google's financial assets. As a member of this team, you're always looking for innovative ways to help Google invest for the future while limiting volatility and material surprises. In addition to risk busting and asset management, you work collaboratively to administer business insurance programs and stock programs, and provide financial analysis support to our internal teams. You make creative yet calculated decisions that are backed by both experience and your extensive knowledge of the economy and financial industry. Alphabet Treasury’s Financial Innovation team is responsible for identifying and implementing innovative financial technologies, strategies and business processes to transform the status quo in areas that Treasury operates in such as capital markets, investment management and risk management.  As a Principal in Treasury’s Financial Innovation team, you will leverage your knowledge and experience in the financial capital markets, engineering and the technology industry as well as an understanding of financial technology industry trends to innovate new business processes, products and industry standards. Your execution focus will span several areas including the development and implementation of new/emerging technologies, products and business process; capital markets, investment management and other areas of Treasury’s operations. You will work with other teams and collaborate cross-functionally across Treasury, Finance, Engineering and other parts of Alphabet. You will also work with external partners and advisors as part of this role. The name Google came from "googol," a mathematical term for the number 1 followed by 100 zeros. And nobody at Google loves big numbers like the Finance team when providing in depth analysis on all manner of strategic decisions across Google products. From developing forward-thinking analysis to generating management reports to scaling our automated financial processes, the Finance organization is an important partner and advisor to the business.
116	Nest	Test Engineer - Nest Products	Palo Alto, CA, United States	description-section:  Responsibilities   Innovate new business solutions, processes, and industry standards using financial technology to transform the status quo in all areas that Treasury operates in. Identify financial technology-related trends, understand implications to Alphabet and deliver recommended action plans to senior management. Lead execution on financial technology-related projects, everything from defining new opportunities to executing new technology solutions/initiatives. Work cooperatively across the Treasury team and Engineering to develop and implement new financial technology systems. Collaborate across Treasury to drive operational enhancements to Treasury’s activities including the investment portfolio, FX, cash management, payments and corporate finance.   Qualifications  Minimum qualifications:  BA/BS degree in Software/Electrical Engineering or equivalent practical experience. 7 years of experience in an investment banking, capital markets or payments role. Previous experience showing business judgment, problem solving, quantitative and analytical skills.  Preferred qualifications: Technology or computer engineering-related background or equivalent experience. Fixed Income or equity capital markets or investment experience. Project management skills including experience managing technical projects with multiple stakeholders. Proven ability to perform a variety of complicated tasks with the ability to adapt and excel in a constantly evolving and ambiguous environment. Ability to work across teams, build relationships, and influence senior managers. Demonstrated capacity for developing and understanding strategy.Accomplishments driven by principles aligned with Google’s core values including: innovation through technology; aspiring to improve and change the world; and doing the right thing. ;description-section text: Note: By applying to this position your application is automatically submitted to the following locations: Gurugram, Haryana, India; Mumbai, Maharashtra, India; Bengaluru, Karnataka, India;description-section text with-benefits:  Are you passionate about applying technologies that make an impact? At Nest you'll have the opportunity to shape the consumer electronics business, join a world class engineering team, and help revolutionize the next unloved device in our homes.  Nest’s Product Integration Engineering team is looking for talented and experienced Test Engineers to lead all aspects of new product and feature qualification from concept to post-release monitoring to ensure we quickly ship features that delight customers. Engineers in the role will have the opportunity to gain a breadth of understanding about software development for embedded systems that rely on sensors, machine learning, and cloud connectivity.  The work:  Review new features at design time for compatibility with existing features, feasibility of implementation, testability once completed, and monitorability once shipped  Ensure sufficient test coverage and accuracy according to specification  Develop and drive sustainable test plans that account for new and legacy products  Automate tests for an embedded software system to cover new and existing features, focusing on hermetic, stable, and fast tests that maximize code and feature coverage and factor in user behavior, environmental variation, and manufacturing tolerances  Identify key product indicators to monitor once software has been shipped to customers  Drive requirements with adjacent engineering teams for tools that automatically gather and expose key product indicators for new features  Root-cause test failures and indicator changes, identifying responsible teams and driving quick resolution of product, infrastructure, and environment issues  Minimum qualifications:  A bachelor’s degree in Computer Science, Computer Engineering, Electrical Engineering, or equivalent practical experience  3+ years experience with software application testing and test automation  3+ years experience with UNIX, Linux, or OS X  3+ years programming experience with one or more coding languages in: Python, or C/C++  Preferred qualifications:  A Master’s degree in Computer Science, Computer Engineering, Electrical Engineering, or equivalent practical experience  3+ years of experience with pdb or similar debugging tools  3+ years of experience testing clients of RESTful web services  5+ years of experience with software application testing and test automation  5+ years of experience with UNIX, Linux, or OS X  5+ years of experience with Python  Demonstrate good coding style and practices  Understanding of sensor technologies, filtering/sensing algorithms, and validation techniques  Comfortable working with low-power embedded applications  Passion for usability and user experience  Detail oriented and able to work independently  Strong test plan and test case writing skills 
117	Google	APAC Agency Business Lead	Singapore	description-section:  Responsibilities   Own regional C-suite relationships with leaders across an agency portfolio. Develop and deliver on partner-specific business strategy, in conjunction with key cross-functional stakeholders, designed to deliver business growth over time for both Google and the partner. Own execution of key business growth initiatives, securing support from internal stakeholders to ensure maximum adoption and impact. Manage ambiguity and facilitate collaboration across global, regional and local teams in Sales, Product, Agency verticals within Google to drive best-in-class agency partnership.   Qualifications  Minimum qualifications: Bachelor's degree or equivalent practical experience. 10 years of experience in the digital advertising industry, with emphasis on media strategy, planning and/or client servicing Preferred qualifications: Experience working with large performance brands e.g. retail, shopper marketing, travel Intimate working knowledge of how decisions are made inside an agency from communication strategy to planning to trading to activation Comfortable and accomplished in selling transformational ideas Strong understanding of Google and DoubleClick’s core solutions Ability to work independently. A self-starter with demonstrated ability to deliver value through own initiative Excellent communication skills and high emotional intelligence that enable close working relationships with senior internal and external stakeholders ;description-section text: Note: By applying to this position your application is automatically submitted to the following locations: Gurugram, Haryana, India; Mumbai, Maharashtra, India; Bengaluru, Karnataka, India;description-section text with-benefits: Businesses that partner with Google come in all shapes, sizes and market caps, and no one Google advertising solution works for all. Your knowledge of online media combined with your communication skills and analytical abilities shapes how new and existing business grow. Using your influencing and relationship-building skills, you provide Google-caliber client service, research and market analysis. You anticipate how decisions are made, persistently explore and uncover the business needs of Google's key clients and understand how our range of product offerings can grow their business. Working with them, you set the vision and the strategy for how their advertising can reach thousands of users. The APAC Agency Team is focused on the development of the largest agency networks in APAC. This is an exciting and passionate group that will drive impact and performance by collaborating with the regional leadership of the world’s largest agencies and their clients. The APAC Agency Business Lead will own C-suite relationships and be responsible for developing - and delivering on - Google’s corporate strategy with these partners. Beyond strategic development, you will be responsible for forming scalable programs and initiatives that drive business impact across key accounts and markets throughout the region.Global Solutions is the link between Google products and business. Your focus is to help turn innovation into complete, packaged tools that allow our customers to get the most that they need from our suite of products. As part of the Global Solutions team, you'll help to ensure that Google has adopted the right strategy for our products. Working in one of three specialized areas – Performance, Brand, or Publisher & Platform – you'll use your expertise to help front-line Sales partners to work their magic quickly and effectively. Above all, you are passionate about all things digital, and want to help shape the ever-changing world of online advertising.
118	Google	Public Policy and Government Relations Manager	Madrid, Spain	description-section:  Responsibilities   Develop and lead public policy campaigns across the full range of policy areas that impact Google and the web; key issues include technology innovation, free expression, privacy and intellectual property. Engage directly with external stakeholders and policy-makers. Build a network of trade associations, industry partners, non-profit groups and others to support policies that will help create/maintain a user-focused online environment as well as an open Internet.   Qualifications  Minimum qualifications: BA/BS degree or equivalent practical experience Experience working in politics or in a Public Policy and Government Relations role in other organizations (companies, trade associations, etc). Experience working on campaigns or in a government role. Preferred qualifications: Policy experience with direct knowledge of the tech sector or the key issues impacting the web (i.e. privacy, intellectual property, innovation and entrepreneurship policy, media policy and free expression). Ability to thrive and exercise judgment in a fast moving environment. Self starter with the ability to think, plan, and execute large projects. Team player with the ability to work with people from a broad range of backgrounds and experiences. Ability to translate complex issues into understandable language for a broad range of audiences. Ability to work in a cross-cultural environment and manage relationships in multiple countries. ;description-section text: Note: By applying to this position your application is automatically submitted to the following locations: Gurugram, Haryana, India; Mumbai, Maharashtra, India; Bengaluru, Karnataka, India;description-section text with-benefits: As a member of Google's Public Policy team, you help shape various product and issue agendas with policy makers inside and outside government. In addition, you will help advise our internal teams on the public policy implications of their products, working with a closely coordinated and cross-functional global team. The role requires significant experience either working with or in government, politics or a regulatory agency as well as an ability to grasp complex technical and policy issues. As our Manager for Public Policy and Government Relations in Spain, you will represent Google externally with government, regulators and third parties, while also helping to manage our local public policy strategy and campaigns. You will work with a cross-functional team of Google employees in Europe, as well as with a global Public Policy team to advance policy positions that benefit our users and, more generally, an open Internet. Technology moves quickly, so it's important that we work closely with politicians, regulators, academics and third parties around the issues that affect the Internet and our users. We advocate for Google on the big public policy issues of the day and often play a part in high-profile debates. In this role, you’ll combine creativity and intellectual rigor with the organizational skills to manage different campaigns and projects to tight deadlines. You’ll apply your expertise to real-world scenarios, acting as an inspiring advocate and enthusiastic team player eager to help shape the future of Internet and mobile policy.
119	Google	Talent Engagement Programs Specialist, Staffing, Diversity and Inclusion	Mountain View, CA, United States	description-section:  Responsibilities   Develop and drive a comprehensive, yet simple, Talent Engagement Strategy, based on a deep understanding of profiles and competency-based needs across Sales, Marketing and G&A type functions. Create and sustain a candidate sharing approach, partnering with teams with similar profiles (e.g., Tech, YouTube), leveraging existing tools, and expanding support and resources where necessary. Ensure Google’s Employment Branding approach is used by recruiters; streamlining established tools (i.e. social media, narratives/talking points) for adoption across the businesses we support. Leverage a competency based talent assessment approach with Leadership recruiters; explore the capability to apply across all levels and profiles, and support recruiters on long term engagement strategies for individuals with niche, non-traditional backgrounds. Drive the engagement of individual talent informally and formally referred for roles with the right Staffing teams; identify opportunities for short and long term needs, and co-facilitate workshops tied to engaging with external talent.   Qualifications  Minimum qualifications: Bachelor's degree or equivalent practical experience. 4 years of experience in Staffing with demonstrated experience in project coordination. Experience with diversity and inclusion hiring strategies and initiatives. Preferred qualifications: Experience with full-cycle recruiting. Experience in diversity and inclusion in a staffing/hiring environment. Experience with client management across levels and influencing without authority. Experience with brand/awareness strategies, coordinating external relationships and/or engagements. Experience working with cross functional teams and experience partnering with teams/individuals across teams. Demonstrated experience with Google tools (Slides, Docs, Sheets, etc.) and an ATS (Applicant Tracking System). ;description-section text: Note: By applying to this position your application is automatically submitted to the following locations: Gurugram, Haryana, India; Mumbai, Maharashtra, India; Bengaluru, Karnataka, India;description-section text with-benefits: Google's known for our innovative technologies, products and services -- and for the people behind them. Whether you are making our staffing systems more efficient, planning for our growth, building relationships on college campuses or cultivating the next generation of computer scientists, you have an eye on the staffing needs of Google and the broader hiring landscape. You are focused on cultivating outstanding candidates for Google's long-term hiring needs, and work across a cross-functional and international group of staffing teams. You are both scrappy and resourceful, creative and driven -- and excited to share the magic of working at Google. You will develop, sustain and innovate a strategy to cultivate niche talent for short and long term hiring needs. This strategy will include a focus on our external brand efforts, candidate experience and ensure niche talent is connected to our inclusive hiring processes.  You will connect with and champion niche talent from all informal/formal channel streams to opportunities across Sales, Marketing and General and Administrative (G&A) type functions. Your primary focus will be to develop a deep understanding of: hiring needs, our aspirational goals heading towards the future, relationships with Staffing leads/managers and recruiters across Staffing, while ensuring that critical link is aligned with current and future talent needs.  You will also support our Staffing brand externally - partnering as an extension of the Employment Branding team, ensuring recruiters are leveraging all brand related efforts in their day to day interactions with candidates.  You will be the conduit to a partnership with our Leadership Staffing Team and Channels partners to ensure alignment across our leadership hiring strategies, and a strong partnership that leverages best practices, tools and resources, including candidate sharing. Great just isn't good enough for our People Operations team (you probably know us better as "Human Resources"). Made up of equal parts HR professionals, former consultants and analysts, we're the champions of Google's colorful culture. In People Ops, we "find them, grow them, and keep them" - we bring the world's most innovative people to Google and provide the programs that help them thrive. Whether recruiting the next great Googler, refining our core programs, developing talent or simply looking for ways to inject some more fun into the lives of our Googlers, we bring a data-driven approach that is reinventing the human resources field.
120	Google	Brand and Change Manager	Mountain View, CA, United States	description-section:  Responsibilities   Create and execute change management strategies and communications strategies. Create and execute strategy for engaging senior leaders. Create marketing materials (websites, videos, presentations, one pagers, podcasts) using and reflecting the Google brand system. Manage relationships with internal support teams as well as external agencies and partners as needed. Master the Google voice; ensure all messages reflect the brand and voice. Partner closely with the Executive Development Experiences team to translate the brand and leader-facing communications. Partner closely with Director of Executive Development and Executive Development leadership team on communicating strategic initiatives to key audiences.   Qualifications  Minimum qualifications: BA/BS degree in Marketing, Advertising, Journalism and/or Communications or equivalent practical experience. 10 years of relevant work experience in brand marketing, change management and/or communications. Experience working with senior executives. Preferred qualifications: Branding/advertising agency or client-side branding/advertising background. Experience bringing brands to life. Demonstrated ability to influence without authority. Familiarity with change management models and theories Excellent collaboration skills across a variety of working styles and personality types. Demonstrated ability to synthesize information and see the big picture while effectively managing details. Superb written and verbal communication skills, with a demonstrated ability to communicate complex concepts concisely and clearly. ;description-section text: Note: By applying to this position your application is automatically submitted to the following locations: Gurugram, Haryana, India; Mumbai, Maharashtra, India; Bengaluru, Karnataka, India;description-section text with-benefits: Our PeopleDev team works hard to ensure every Googler has access to the resources they need to become their best personal and professional selves. We leverage tools, technology, and innovative formats to scale learning and support Googlers at all stages of their careers — from Noogler Orientation, to manager training, to leadership development, and more. We have four key beliefs about learning — that it is personal, social, a process, and happens in real life — and we infuse these beliefs throughout the wide array of learning and development opportunities at Google. As a PeopleDev team member, you'll always be thinking about new ways to help others grow, and you share a passion for empowering Googlers to unlock their full potential. As the Brand and Change Manager, you will bring the Google brand to life through messaging to key audiences, including those in People Operations and other areas of Google. You’ll create ways to further engage senior leaders and lead change management across the company. Great just isn't good enough for our People Operations team (you probably know us better as "Human Resources"). Made up of equal parts HR professionals, former consultants and analysts, we're the champions of Google's colorful culture. In People Ops, we "find them, grow them, and keep them" - we bring the world's most innovative people to Google and provide the programs that help them thrive. Whether recruiting the next great Googler, refining our core programs, developing talent or simply looking for ways to inject some more fun into the lives of our Googlers, we bring a data-driven approach that is reinventing the human resources field.
121	Google	Analytical Lead, Platforms Solutions	New York, NY, United States	description-section:  Responsibilities   Support the growth of DoubleClick and Google Analytics through analysis of data. Develop forward thinking, data-driven recommendations that align with client marketing objectives. Develop custom recommendations that consolidate multiple client data workflows to reflect a unified view of the customer. Partner with Digital Media Managers, Sales and Sales Operations to develop and test tools, templates and frameworks to streamline and scale client analyses. Collaborate with the team to educate and train clients/agencies on how to best architect and optimize DoubleClick and Google Analytics.   Qualifications  Minimum qualifications: BA/BS degree in Statistics or equivalent practical experience. 5 years of experience in marketing consultancy or digital media. Preferred qualifications: Experience managing digital advertising campaigns for clients with experience in online measurement, operations, ad networks, exchanges, demand-side platforms, digital video, mobile and Google platforms. Experience building dynamic dashboards in spreadsheets or interactive data products (Tableau, etc). Demonstrated familiarity with CRM systems (Salesforce, etc) as well as BI tools and data warehouses. Ability to independently manage a storyboard and to determine best in class data visualization using spreadsheets, slide presentations and interactive data products (Tableau, etc). ;description-section text: Note: By applying to this position your application is automatically submitted to the following locations: New York, NY, USA; Chicago, IL, USA; San Francisco, CA, USA;description-section text with-benefits: Businesses that partner with Google come in all shapes, sizes and market caps, and no one Google advertising solution works for all. Your knowledge of online media combined with your communication skills and analytical abilities shapes how new and existing business grow. Using your influencing and relationship-building skills, you provide Google-caliber client service, research and market analysis. You anticipate how decisions are made, persistently explore and uncover the business needs of Google's key clients and understand how our range of product offerings can grow their business. Working with them, you set the vision and the strategy for how their advertising can reach thousands of users.Our Large Customer Sales teams partner closely with many of the world’s biggest advertisers and agencies to develop digital solutions that build strong businesses and brands. We enjoy a bird’s eye view on the massive transformation occurring as advertising shifts to mobile and online platforms. We're uniquely situated to help shape how companies grow their businesses in the digital age. We advise clients on Google's broad range of products across search, video and mobile to help them connect instantly and seamlessly with their audiences.
122	Google	Staffing Content Specialist, Diversity and Inclusion	New York, NY, United States	description-section:  Responsibilities   Identify opportunities for staffers to build their understanding of diversity, equity, and inclusion. Partner with PeopleDev, LearningNav, and EDII to design a development journey, through the lens of diversity, equity, and inclusion, for the full staffer lifecycle. This includes both standalone trainings and integration of diversity, equity, inclusion mindsets, language and principles into all existing and new staffer trainings. Partner with EDII and the Hiring Innovation team to ensure the diversity, equity, and inclusion related content in staffing trainings is aligned with interviewer training to promote common language and mindsets. Ensure the resources designed to support staffer development (FAQ docs, candidate talking points, etc.) stay relevant and are well socialized.   Qualifications  Minimum qualifications: BA/BS degree or equivalent practical experience. 2 years of experience in learning and development. 1 year of experience in the diversity, equity or inclusion space or with related projects. Preferred qualifications: Experience building a training roadmap, specifically in the diversity and inclusion space. Ability to work in a fast-paced, constantly evolving environment. Ability to influence across multiple teams. Demonstrated high attention to detail and strong operational expertise. ;description-section text: Note: By applying to this position your application is automatically submitted to the following locations: San Francisco, CA, USA; Chicago, IL, USA; Mountain View, CA, USA; New York, NY, USA;description-section text with-benefits: Google's known for our innovative technologies, products and services -- and for the people behind them. Whether you are making our staffing systems more efficient, planning for our growth, building relationships on college campuses or cultivating the next generation of computer scientists, you have an eye on the staffing needs of Google and the broader hiring landscape. You are focused on cultivating outstanding candidates for Google's long-term hiring needs, and you are the glue that ties together a cross-functional and international group of staffing teams. You are both scrappy and resourceful, creative and driven -- and excited to share the magic of working at Google. As a Staffing Content Specialist focused on diversity, equity and inclusion, you will leverage your knowledge of learning and development best practices and exceptional execution skills to ensure our staffing organization is equipped to build a truly diverse and inclusive Google. In this specialist role, you will partner with members of the Staffing organization, PeopleDev (our Learning and Development organization), and EDII (Equity, Diversity, Inclusion, and Integrity team) to ensure that staffers have access to the relevant trainings and resources, and are developing their own expertise to become practitioners of inclusive sourcing and hiring practices. Great just isn't good enough for our People Operations team (you probably know us better as "Human Resources"). Made up of equal parts HR professionals, former consultants and analysts, we're the champions of Google's colorful culture. In People Ops, we "find them, grow them, and keep them" - we bring the world's most innovative people to Google and provide the programs that help them thrive. Whether recruiting the next great Googler, refining our core programs, developing talent or simply looking for ways to inject some more fun into the lives of our Googlers, we bring a data-driven approach that is reinventing the human resources field.
123	Nest	Embedded Algorithm Software Engineer	Palo Alto, CA, United States	description-section:  Responsibilities   Identify opportunities for staffers to build their understanding of diversity, equity, and inclusion. Partner with PeopleDev, LearningNav, and EDII to design a development journey, through the lens of diversity, equity, and inclusion, for the full staffer lifecycle. This includes both standalone trainings and integration of diversity, equity, inclusion mindsets, language and principles into all existing and new staffer trainings. Partner with EDII and the Hiring Innovation team to ensure the diversity, equity, and inclusion related content in staffing trainings is aligned with interviewer training to promote common language and mindsets. Ensure the resources designed to support staffer development (FAQ docs, candidate talking points, etc.) stay relevant and are well socialized.   Qualifications  Minimum qualifications: BA/BS degree or equivalent practical experience. 2 years of experience in learning and development. 1 year of experience in the diversity, equity or inclusion space or with related projects. Preferred qualifications: Experience building a training roadmap, specifically in the diversity and inclusion space. Ability to work in a fast-paced, constantly evolving environment. Ability to influence across multiple teams. Demonstrated high attention to detail and strong operational expertise. ;description-section text: Note: By applying to this position your application is automatically submitted to the following locations: San Francisco, CA, USA; Chicago, IL, USA; Mountain View, CA, USA; New York, NY, USA;description-section text with-benefits:  Nest is looking for a software engineer to join our ever growing embedded software team. At Nest you'll have to opportunity to shape the Consumer Electronic business, join a world class engineering team and help revolutionize the next unloved device in our homes. You'll be responsible to architect, design and implement the heart that makes our future products tick.  The work:  Develop, enhance and maintain the embedded sensor processing and algorithm software  Work with our data scientists on future algorithms and machine learning features in our embedded devices  Minimum qualifications:  M.S. or 2+ years of experience in Computer Science, Electrical Engineering or a related field  C and C++ programming skills  Preferred qualifications:  Embedded system programming, including small-footprint and low-power systems  Algorithms optimization, including computational resource efficiency  Data structures and SW architectures for real-time data processing  Familiarity with standard algorithms and machine learning techniques  Digital signal processing (linear filtering design and implementation, multi-rate systems, decimation, interpolation, etc)  Modeling and analyzing large data sets using Python, MATLAB, R, or equivalent tools  Networked and distributed computation  Experience with code coverage and static analysis tools  Reading and reviewing schematics  ARM Cortex-Mx and low-power SoCs  Testing methodologies *LI-DNI
124	Nest	Project Manager - Retail Operations and In-store Activation	Palo Alto, CA, United States	description-section:  Responsibilities   Identify opportunities for staffers to build their understanding of diversity, equity, and inclusion. Partner with PeopleDev, LearningNav, and EDII to design a development journey, through the lens of diversity, equity, and inclusion, for the full staffer lifecycle. This includes both standalone trainings and integration of diversity, equity, inclusion mindsets, language and principles into all existing and new staffer trainings. Partner with EDII and the Hiring Innovation team to ensure the diversity, equity, and inclusion related content in staffing trainings is aligned with interviewer training to promote common language and mindsets. Ensure the resources designed to support staffer development (FAQ docs, candidate talking points, etc.) stay relevant and are well socialized.   Qualifications  Minimum qualifications: BA/BS degree or equivalent practical experience. 2 years of experience in learning and development. 1 year of experience in the diversity, equity or inclusion space or with related projects. Preferred qualifications: Experience building a training roadmap, specifically in the diversity and inclusion space. Ability to work in a fast-paced, constantly evolving environment. Ability to influence across multiple teams. Demonstrated high attention to detail and strong operational expertise. ;description-section text: Note: By applying to this position your application is automatically submitted to the following locations: San Francisco, CA, USA; Chicago, IL, USA; Mountain View, CA, USA; New York, NY, USA;description-section text with-benefits: The Retail Operations and In-store Activation Project Manager role is responsible for supporting our retail operations and in-store activation for the largest and most critical part of our sales organization - Americas Retail. The Retail Operations Project Manager will work closely with key members of the Retail Operations Team, Account Management, Channel Marketing and our 3rd party partners. The Retail Operations Project Manager role will be based out of the Nest Headquarters in Palo Alto, California.  In this role, the Retail Ops PM will support the delivery and execution of retail projects and initiatives by working directly with AMR Retail Sales, Channel Marketing, Sales Ops, and our 3PL retail execution partners. The work:  Support AMR Retail Sales by leading the coordination and execution of key sales initiatives and/or activities including:  NPI, merch sets and resets  Promo and rebate activation  Compliance management (break fix and/or continuity)  Customer training and events  Project manage key retail activation projects with top NA accounts (Home Depot, Best Buy, Lowe's, Target, Bed, Bath and Beyond)  Partner with Sales, Channel Marketing, and other agency partners to create a seamless delivery of all in-store activation programs (ie. review briefs, develop plans, distribute assets, oversee the execution and report results)  Support planning and attend key customer meetings/QBR’s as required  Maintain RX retail assets (demo units, collateral,etc)  Support and maintain the accuracy and integrity of Nest DMS (our proprietary Door Management System)  We are looking for candidates who posses a deep understanding and appreciation for project planning, detailed execution and high attention to detail Minimum qualifications: Bachelor's Degree in Business, or related degree  4+ years of relevant sales, marketing, operations and/or retail operations experience Preferred qualifications:  Experience with an agency or retail related servicing partner  Excels in a fast paced environment and enjoys the inherent challenge that occurs in a retail sales environment  Fluency in the Google suite of products as well as Tableau and/or SQL  PMP (Project Management Professional) designation or certificate would be an asset  Strong knowledge of retail environment and the role of retail operations in order to bring a program and/or initiative to life  Extreme attention to detail, project planning and multitasking  Travel - 15% 
125	Google	Instructional Designer, Sales Mastery	Chicago, IL, United States	description-section:  Responsibilities   Collaborate with stakeholders and subject matter experts (SMEs) to understand business needs and translate them into learning and performance objectives, facilitate approvals and gain alignment on content direction, design and details. Lead content collaboration with stakeholders, problem-solving to achieve performance objectives, and resolve issues, risks and quality challenges. Identify and incorporate the most effective and innovative practices in learning delivery including social and peer learning, game-based learning, informal learning, and performance support. Apply best practices in adult learning to design, write, and build a range of high-quality learning experiences, with an emphasis on e-learning, video, animations, serious games, and gamification. Serve as the central point of contact and provide feedback, support, and direction to external vendors who are building learning assets or products for our team. Seek out new learning solutions and bring innovative ideas to individual projects and the team at large. Update and maintain existing content on an ongoing basis. Curate existing content into new learning designs and paths. Upload learning solutions into the learning management system (LMS) and test complete solution in target environments when required.   Qualifications  Minimum qualifications: BA/BS degree in Instructional Design or related field (Technical Writing, Educational Psychology, etc), or equivalent practical experience. 5 years of experience designing, developing and testing e-learning content. Experience with e-learning frameworks such as Adaptive Learning, ADDIE, CCAF, or other learning development approaches. Experience in writing scripts/interview guides for video, editing video, and creative design. Hands-on experience with multiple authoring tools such as Adobe Captivate, Lectora, Articulate Storyline, Adapt and Camtasia. Preferred qualifications: Hands-on experience developing original learning products in HTML5 or other development languages/environments. Experience writing and designing sales training materials, either product or soft skills training, for either in-person or online delivery. Experience designing learning programs (or online media) in the digital marketing industry. Experience making e-learning exciting, fun and social. Fluent in current and emerging adult learning theory and how it is put into practice in corporate learning. Experience in Project Management, with the ability to multi-task and advance activities across multiple concurrent workstreams. Ability to build relationships and collaborate with confidence across functions and levels. Clear understanding of business needs and sensitivity to differences across various groups. Superior editing, writing, and critical reasoning skills; outstanding interpersonal and communication skills and presence. Demonstrated ability to communicate complex concepts concisely and clearly. ;description-section text: Note: By applying to this position your application is automatically submitted to the following locations: Mountain View, CA, USA; Cambridge, MA, USA; Chicago, IL, USA; New York, NY, USA;description-section text with-benefits: The Business Strategy & Operations organization provides business critical insights using analytics, ensures cross functional alignment of goals and execution, and helps teams drive strategic partnerships and new initiatives forward. We stay focused on aligning the highest-level company priorities with strong day-to-day operations, and help evolve early stage ideas into future-growth initiatives. As a member of the Sales Mastery team, you will be critical to helping our sales teams succeed. You will work as part of your team to deliver world-class product training in a creative and exciting way. You will develop innovative and engaging training programs at scale and customize where appropriate (e.g. for role, location, situation). In addition to this, you'll also partner with content and skills experts to bring a cohesive development experience to our Global Business Organization (GBO) Googlers. The Go-to-Market Operations (GtM) team ensures Google's complex and ever-evolving Ads business runs smoothly. We are instrumental in setting go-to-market strategy, and ensuring flawless execution and operations against the strategy. We have teams embedded in each of the major Ads business areas as well as global teams that work across the business areas. Team members are analytical and strategic, with a pragmatic sense of how to get things done.
126	Google	Head of Curriculum and Faculty Strategy	New York, NY, United States	description-section:  Responsibilities   Oversee the curriculum and faculty development strategy for all Director and VP leadership offerings globally. Oversee and continuously improve the curriculum methodology, design and faculty selection and development processes. Ensure the design of all offerings uses insights from key sources such as the Research Incubator, Talent Management, and People Analytics. Drive a standardized approach to assessment across all offerings. Partner with internal, cross-functional groups to ensure a seamless, integrated learning journey which reinforces learning both in the “classroom” and on the job. Create and drive strategy for effectively communicating offerings to People Partners, Leaders, and other stakeholders.   Qualifications  Minimum qualifications: BA/BS degree in Organizational Psychology, Psychology, or other related field, or equivalent practical experience. 10 years of work experience in HR, talent development, and/or executive development designing and delivering senior leader development offerings. 10 years of experience in instructional and curriculum design. People management experience in a matrixed organization. Preferred qualifications: Advanced degree in a relevant field (organizational psychology, adult development, etc.) Experience running leadership centers of excellence and/or corporate universities. Experience building complex learning and development experiences for senior audiences. Experience effectively partnering with, developing, and managing relationships with senior stakeholders. Demonstrated success in a fast-paced, dynamic work environment. Exceptional project and people management skills. ;description-section text: Note: By applying to this position your application is automatically submitted to the following locations: Mountain View, CA, USA; San Francisco, CA, USA; Boulder, CO, USA; New York, NY, USA;description-section text with-benefits: Our PeopleDev team works hard to ensure every Googler has access to the resources they need to become their best personal and professional selves. We leverage tools, technology, and innovative formats to scale learning and support Googlers at all stages of their careers — from Noogler Orientation, to manager training, to leadership development, and more. We have four key beliefs about learning — that it is personal, social, a process, and happens in real life — and we infuse these beliefs throughout the wide array of learning and development opportunities at Google. As a PeopleDev team member, you'll always be thinking about new ways to help others grow, and you share a passion for empowering Googlers to unlock their full potential. As the Curriculum & Faculty Strategy Lead, you’re responsible for the direction of Google’s senior leader learning and development curriculum, including senior leader onboarding processes and programs and the selection and quality of adjunct faculty. You’ll also determine when it’s time to refresh senior leader offerings and create new ones - and determine what they are! You’ll work across People Development to ensure a connected strategy with related work affecting all Googlers.Great just isn't good enough for our People Operations team (you probably know us better as "Human Resources"). Made up of equal parts HR professionals, former consultants and analysts, we're the champions of Google's colorful culture. In People Ops, we "find them, grow them, and keep them" - we bring the world's most innovative people to Google and provide the programs that help them thrive. Whether recruiting the next great Googler, refining our core programs, developing talent or simply looking for ways to inject some more fun into the lives of our Googlers, we bring a data-driven approach that is reinventing the human resources field.
127	Nest	iOS Applications Engineer	Boulder, CO, United States	description-section:  Responsibilities   Oversee the curriculum and faculty development strategy for all Director and VP leadership offerings globally. Oversee and continuously improve the curriculum methodology, design and faculty selection and development processes. Ensure the design of all offerings uses insights from key sources such as the Research Incubator, Talent Management, and People Analytics. Drive a standardized approach to assessment across all offerings. Partner with internal, cross-functional groups to ensure a seamless, integrated learning journey which reinforces learning both in the “classroom” and on the job. Create and drive strategy for effectively communicating offerings to People Partners, Leaders, and other stakeholders.   Qualifications  Minimum qualifications: BA/BS degree in Organizational Psychology, Psychology, or other related field, or equivalent practical experience. 10 years of work experience in HR, talent development, and/or executive development designing and delivering senior leader development offerings. 10 years of experience in instructional and curriculum design. People management experience in a matrixed organization. Preferred qualifications: Advanced degree in a relevant field (organizational psychology, adult development, etc.) Experience running leadership centers of excellence and/or corporate universities. Experience building complex learning and development experiences for senior audiences. Experience effectively partnering with, developing, and managing relationships with senior stakeholders. Demonstrated success in a fast-paced, dynamic work environment. Exceptional project and people management skills. ;description-section text: Note: By applying to this position your application is automatically submitted to the following locations: Mountain View, CA, USA; San Francisco, CA, USA; Boulder, CO, USA; New York, NY, USA;description-section text with-benefits: Millions of Nest customers touch our apps daily to make their homes and their families safer, more comfortable, and more energy efficient. Every member of our team has an opportunity to make a big impact knowing that the apps they develop will receive lots of visibility, both internally and externally.The work:  Work with a small team of top-tier developers who are designing great user experiences and building truly great applications for iOS devices  Participate in scrums consisting of cross functional teams, both software and hardware  Ensure that features are being delivered efficiently and on-time  In addition to code contribution, you will also participate in architectural review and design  Minimum qualifications:  5+ years work experience as a software engineer, or relevant experience  Preferred qualifications:  Deep understanding of iOS application development in Obj-C or Swift  Proven track record of shipping software and successfully  released apps on App Store (please include names and links on your resume)  Experience with best in class software engineering practices (e.g. unit testing, code reviews, design documentation)  Strong attention to detail on every line of code, every unit test, and every commit message  We love when engineers send us a link to their GitHub and/or Stack Overflow accounts, technical blog, or links to apps they've shipped 
128	Nest	Emerging Markets Business Development Manager - Electrical - Pro Channel	Austin, TX, United States	description-section:  Responsibilities   Oversee the curriculum and faculty development strategy for all Director and VP leadership offerings globally. Oversee and continuously improve the curriculum methodology, design and faculty selection and development processes. Ensure the design of all offerings uses insights from key sources such as the Research Incubator, Talent Management, and People Analytics. Drive a standardized approach to assessment across all offerings. Partner with internal, cross-functional groups to ensure a seamless, integrated learning journey which reinforces learning both in the “classroom” and on the job. Create and drive strategy for effectively communicating offerings to People Partners, Leaders, and other stakeholders.   Qualifications  Minimum qualifications: BA/BS degree in Organizational Psychology, Psychology, or other related field, or equivalent practical experience. 10 years of work experience in HR, talent development, and/or executive development designing and delivering senior leader development offerings. 10 years of experience in instructional and curriculum design. People management experience in a matrixed organization. Preferred qualifications: Advanced degree in a relevant field (organizational psychology, adult development, etc.) Experience running leadership centers of excellence and/or corporate universities. Experience building complex learning and development experiences for senior audiences. Experience effectively partnering with, developing, and managing relationships with senior stakeholders. Demonstrated success in a fast-paced, dynamic work environment. Exceptional project and people management skills. ;description-section text: Note: By applying to this position your application is automatically submitted to the following locations: Mountain View, CA, USA; San Francisco, CA, USA; Boulder, CO, USA; New York, NY, USA;description-section text with-benefits: The Emerging Markets Business Development Manager is an integral position on the Nest Pro team focused on driving sales for Nest’s family of smart home products in the electrical industry across the US. The Nest Professional Channel team is a diversified, high-powered, self enabled, and extremely motivated team of business development professionals. Located remotely across North America this team is focused on guiding professional trades to take advantage of Nest’s industry leading smart home technology. Nest is focused on creating the "Thoughtful Home" and we are paving the way for distributors, installers, and builders to enter the smart home space. Nest’s innovative products and leading brand offer channel partners a unique avenue to grow their businesses through differentiation, brand positioning and marketing.  We are looking for someone who understands the potential opportunities that smart and connected products provide electricians, dealers, electrical distributors, and builders, to help them grow their business and take advantage of the growing smart trade. The ideal candidate has a proven track record of actively driving sales impact and influence across the region and established relationships in the electrical industry are a plus. If you love creating your own opportunities and feel like you are ready to work with the leading company in the smart home, then this may be the right team for you. The work: Grow sales of Nest and Works With Nest products within Nest’s Professional channel through the electrical industry including dealers, distributors, builders, and industry partners  Develop and implement a go to market strategy to drive aggressive sales growth and Nest product adoption across the US  Manage and build relationships with electrical channel partners including distribution, dealers, builders, and industry partners  Manage manufacturer’s rep firms across the country to help drive sales growth through distribution  Create and implement sales and marketing programs across the country that drive Nest sales adoption  Identify, recruit, and convert new business through electrical channel distribution and dealers  Explore and create new business opportunities for Nest Pro to continue to expand its electrical channel footprint  Meet with and influence installers, distributors, builders and developers to drive Nest product adoption  Effectively communicate the benefits of Nest’s innovative products and brand through strong presentation skills utilized in trade shows, trainings, and channel partner events  Ability to travel nationally up to 75% Minimum qualifications:  BA/BS degree or equivalent experience  3+ years of previous experience working in a sales or business development role Preferred qualifications: Self starter who is hungry and determined  Experience in the electrical industry with a level of networked relationships  Thrives in a fast paced aggressive sales environment  Ability to effectively collaborate with team members and influence customers while being remote  Strong organizational and time management skills  Experience selling or working with top level executives while also having the ability and desire to relate with trade professionals  Experience working with smart and connected products  Familiarity with Google slides, Google sheets, Google docs, and Gmail 
129	Google	Vendor Strategy and Contracts Lead, Google Technical Services	Mountain View, CA, United States	description-section:  Responsibilities   Design commercial agreements (new and renewals) and agreement templates for outsourced services that span advertising operations, technical support, supply chain operations, store operations and customer care. Partner with various in-country Google Technical Services verticals to drive consistency, adoption and excellence across levers including outcome-based agreements, reward/penalty structures, pricing, incentives for ongoing automation/scaling and ramp-up/ramp-down terms. Drive commercial discussions with Google Technical Services' outsourcing partners along with program managing initiatives within the region to improve efficiencies in vendor operations and help drive change. Optimize and manage the agreement execution/approval process within Google Technical Services and provide ad hoc, consultative support with agreement consultations, renewals, etc. Serve as go-to resource on industry trends in outsourcing agreement models and market benchmarks for outsourced services.   Qualifications  Minimum qualifications: BA/BS degree or equivalent practical experience. 7 years of experience in Outsourced Services agreement modeling and consultation within the technology industry. Preferred qualifications: MBA or JD degree with an Engineering background. Experience managing advertising operations, technical support and/or customer care operations. Experience in maximizing outsourcing business growth for operations teams through application of advanced modeling and consultation methods. Experience as an agreement consultant, representing both outsourcers and service providers. Effective analytical and structured problem solving skills, with excellent communication and collaboration skills exhibited in complex operational setting. ;description-section text: Note: By applying to this position your application is automatically submitted to the following locations: Mountain View, CA, USA; San Francisco, CA, USA; Boulder, CO, USA; New York, NY, USA;description-section text with-benefits: The Google Technical Services Business and Outsourcing Strategy and Services team develops practical and innovative ways to address some of the most complex business challenges to keep Google thriving. We anticipate how decisions are made, persistently explore and uncover the business needs of our key clients, and understand how our range of product and service offerings can enable their business success. We also lead the global vendor strategy across all organizations, manage business risks, ensure we have great contracts and deliver amazing client experiences for Google’s top customers and partners. Using influencing and relationship-building skills, we provide Google-caliber client service, legal guidance, research, and market analysis. As a Vendor Strategy and Contracts Lead, you will play a critical role in transforming and simplifying Google Technical Services' outsourcing agreements and relationships. You'll expertly navigate stakeholders around Google, develop an understanding of the business requirements and operational challenges across verticals, and lead our drive to implement consistent, best-in-class, competitive service agreements with our Google Technical Services vendor partners. You will provide consultative support to Google Technical Services verticals on Scope of Work (SOW) design and conduct discussions with outsourcing partners. In addition, you will also be the go-to person in the region in managing stakeholder relationships, helping to implement and roll out central initiatives in the region. Google Technical Services is a global support and operations team, with a mission to delight our customers with care so good, it’s got to be Google. Our team is the face of Google to most of our customers, and we want their Google support experience to set new standards, just like Google’s products do. Our team cares for customers by solving problems and scaling solutions, incubating new Google products, and sharing user feedback with internal teams to influence product development. We support a wide variety of products, from Ads to Project Fi and just about everything in between, and our customers include advertisers, consumers, partners, publishers, retailers, and our own Sales Googlers.
130	Nest	iOS Applications Engineer	Palo Alto, CA, United States	description-section:  Responsibilities   Design commercial agreements (new and renewals) and agreement templates for outsourced services that span advertising operations, technical support, supply chain operations, store operations and customer care. Partner with various in-country Google Technical Services verticals to drive consistency, adoption and excellence across levers including outcome-based agreements, reward/penalty structures, pricing, incentives for ongoing automation/scaling and ramp-up/ramp-down terms. Drive commercial discussions with Google Technical Services' outsourcing partners along with program managing initiatives within the region to improve efficiencies in vendor operations and help drive change. Optimize and manage the agreement execution/approval process within Google Technical Services and provide ad hoc, consultative support with agreement consultations, renewals, etc. Serve as go-to resource on industry trends in outsourcing agreement models and market benchmarks for outsourced services.   Qualifications  Minimum qualifications: BA/BS degree or equivalent practical experience. 7 years of experience in Outsourced Services agreement modeling and consultation within the technology industry. Preferred qualifications: MBA or JD degree with an Engineering background. Experience managing advertising operations, technical support and/or customer care operations. Experience in maximizing outsourcing business growth for operations teams through application of advanced modeling and consultation methods. Experience as an agreement consultant, representing both outsourcers and service providers. Effective analytical and structured problem solving skills, with excellent communication and collaboration skills exhibited in complex operational setting. ;description-section text: Note: By applying to this position your application is automatically submitted to the following locations: Mountain View, CA, USA; San Francisco, CA, USA; Boulder, CO, USA; New York, NY, USA;description-section text with-benefits: Millions of Nest customers touch our apps daily to make their homes and their families safer, more comfortable, and more energy efficient. Every member of our team has an opportunity to make a big impact knowing that the apps they develop will receive lots of visibility, both internally and externally.The work:  Work with a small team of top-tier developers who are designing great user experiences and building truly great applications for iOS devices  Participate in scrums consisting of cross functional teams, both software and hardware  Ensure that features are being delivered efficiently and on-time  In addition to code contribution, you will also participate in architectural review and design  Minimum qualifications:  5+ years work experience as a software engineer, or relevant experience  Preferred qualifications:  Deep understanding of iOS application development in Obj-C or Swift  Proven track record of shipping software and successfully  released apps on App Store (please include names and links on your resume)  Experience with best in class software engineering practices (e.g. unit testing, code reviews, design documentation)  Strong attention to detail on every line of code, every unit test, and every commit message  We love when engineers send us a link to their GitHub and/or Stack Overflow accounts, technical blog, or links to apps they've shipped 
131	Google	HR Analyst, Employee Relations and Investigations	Mountain View, CA, United States	description-section:  Responsibilities   Use analytical reasoning to identify problems and develop hypotheses, often recommending a data product that addresses client’s/stakeholder’s needs. Assist with maintenance and update of investigations database and documentation. Provide management coordination and guidance for HR Business Partners and Managers on reorganizations. Maintain and update reorg documentation, reorg site and tracking tools, primarily responsible for reorg paperwork and tracking process improvements. Prepare, track and maintain appropriate investigation and reorganization data and documentation. Manipulate and analyze large data sets to distill insights from data and connect disparate ideas into cohesive, well-grounded recommendations using creative, structured and analytical thinking. Architect, develop and automate data and analytics solutions, iteratively build and prototype dashboards to provide insights at scale. Build relationships and collaborate with teammates and HR clients to solve organizational problems and empower organizations with high quality data.   Qualifications  Minimum qualifications: BA/BS degree in Economics, Statistics, Finance, Social Science, Psychology, or related field (i.e. Mathematics, Engineering), or equivalent practical experience. 2 years of HR or other relevant experience. Experience working with SQL, Python or other data/scripting language. Experience building and maintaining solutions to collect, store, and organize data to address client needs. Ability to speak and write in English fluently and idiomatically.  Preferred qualifications: Experience turning raw data into meaningful metrics, recommendations for improvements, and action. Experience using quantitative and qualitative analytical strategies and working with multiple data sources to generate insights from analyses, answer questions or create solutions. Experience collaborating on projects involving multiple teams, managing an ongoing relationship with client, and presenting to audiences. Experience using data visualization (e.g. tables, charts, graphs). Experience with conducting research using basic statistics (e.g. correlations, t-tests, regressions). Experience forming testable statements generated from inductive reasoning that can be verified via statistical and analytical means. Project management skills and high attention to detail. Demonstrated ability to operate with confidentiality and commitment to produce high quality work. ;description-section text: Note: By applying to this position your application is automatically submitted to the following locations: Mountain View, CA, USA; San Francisco, CA, USA; Boulder, CO, USA; New York, NY, USA;description-section text with-benefits: Google's known for our innovative technologies, products and services -- and for the people behind them. Whether you are making our staffing systems more efficient, planning for our growth, building relationships on college campuses or cultivating the next generation of computer scientists, you have an eye on the staffing needs of Google and the broader hiring landscape. You are focused on cultivating outstanding candidates for Google's long-term hiring needs, and work across a cross-functional and international group of staffing teams. You are both scrappy and resourceful, creative and driven -- and excited to share the magic of working at Google. As a HR Analyst, you enable the Employee Relations (ER) team to deliver solutions to clients seamlessly. The main priority of the role is to provide support to the ER team and to plan and keep track of delivery across the team and clients. You'll work closely with People Partners and Consultants and liaise with other functions and stakeholders across Google.  In this role, you will work in conjunction with the Employee Relations and Investigations team, other Human Resource Business Partners and Consultants, Integrity and Governance, Ethics and Compliance, Security, Internal Audit and Employment Legal on executing against established processes and refining them to make them more efficient. You will play an important role in helping our global ER team address the data and analytical needs of their teams and clients across the globe.Great just isn't good enough for our People Operations team (you probably know us better as "Human Resources"). Made up of equal parts HR professionals, former consultants and analysts, we're the champions of Google's colorful culture. In People Ops, we "find them, grow them, and keep them" - we bring the world's most innovative people to Google and provide the programs that help them thrive. Whether recruiting the next great Googler, refining our core programs, developing talent or simply looking for ways to inject some more fun into the lives of our Googlers, we bring a data-driven approach that is reinventing the human resources field.
132	Nest	Software Engineer, Tools & Infrastructure - Cloud Services	Palo Alto, CA, United States	description-section:  Responsibilities   Use analytical reasoning to identify problems and develop hypotheses, often recommending a data product that addresses client’s/stakeholder’s needs. Assist with maintenance and update of investigations database and documentation. Provide management coordination and guidance for HR Business Partners and Managers on reorganizations. Maintain and update reorg documentation, reorg site and tracking tools, primarily responsible for reorg paperwork and tracking process improvements. Prepare, track and maintain appropriate investigation and reorganization data and documentation. Manipulate and analyze large data sets to distill insights from data and connect disparate ideas into cohesive, well-grounded recommendations using creative, structured and analytical thinking. Architect, develop and automate data and analytics solutions, iteratively build and prototype dashboards to provide insights at scale. Build relationships and collaborate with teammates and HR clients to solve organizational problems and empower organizations with high quality data.   Qualifications  Minimum qualifications: BA/BS degree in Economics, Statistics, Finance, Social Science, Psychology, or related field (i.e. Mathematics, Engineering), or equivalent practical experience. 2 years of HR or other relevant experience. Experience working with SQL, Python or other data/scripting language. Experience building and maintaining solutions to collect, store, and organize data to address client needs. Ability to speak and write in English fluently and idiomatically.  Preferred qualifications: Experience turning raw data into meaningful metrics, recommendations for improvements, and action. Experience using quantitative and qualitative analytical strategies and working with multiple data sources to generate insights from analyses, answer questions or create solutions. Experience collaborating on projects involving multiple teams, managing an ongoing relationship with client, and presenting to audiences. Experience using data visualization (e.g. tables, charts, graphs). Experience with conducting research using basic statistics (e.g. correlations, t-tests, regressions). Experience forming testable statements generated from inductive reasoning that can be verified via statistical and analytical means. Project management skills and high attention to detail. Demonstrated ability to operate with confidentiality and commitment to produce high quality work. ;description-section text: Note: By applying to this position your application is automatically submitted to the following locations: Mountain View, CA, USA; San Francisco, CA, USA; Boulder, CO, USA; New York, NY, USA;description-section text with-benefits:  Are you passionate about applying technologies that make an impact? At Nest you'll have the opportunity to shape the consumer electronics business, join a world class engineering team, and help revolutionize the next unloved device in our homes. You'll be building the infrastructure and protocols that drive the expanding Nest ecosystem and create the thoughtful home.  Nest’s Cloud Services Integration Engineering team is looking for experienced engineers for the next Nest product to develop test automation infrastructure, tools and fixtures to ensure we have the highest quality devices for our customers. Engineers in the role will have the opportunity to gain a breadth of understanding about distributed systems, continuous integration, and machine learning.  The work:  Develop test frameworks and tools to validate Nest services and increase release velocity  Collaborate with senior engineers through the entire software development lifecycle to solve complex engineering problems in tools and testing  Contribute towards test automation, infrastructure development and test development  Analyze and debug a distributed software system  Minimum qualifications:  A bachelor’s degree in Computer Science or Computer Engineering  5+ years of experience in programming/automation development  4+ years of experience working on distributed cloud services  Preferred qualifications:  Solid understanding of multiple programming languages (e.g. Scala, Java, Python)  Knowledge of good API design and abstraction concepts  Proven track record of delivering enterprise-grade software platforms  Proficiency in designing, building, and debugging distributed systems  Hands on experience with Linux based systems  Excellent problem-solving, organizational, and analytical skills  Exceptional verbal and written communication skills with the ability to effectively influence and communicate cross-functionally with all levels of management  Experience working with continuous integration tools like Jenkins and TeamCity 
133	Nest	Content & Social Marketing Manager	San Francisco, CA, United States	description-section:  Responsibilities   Use analytical reasoning to identify problems and develop hypotheses, often recommending a data product that addresses client’s/stakeholder’s needs. Assist with maintenance and update of investigations database and documentation. Provide management coordination and guidance for HR Business Partners and Managers on reorganizations. Maintain and update reorg documentation, reorg site and tracking tools, primarily responsible for reorg paperwork and tracking process improvements. Prepare, track and maintain appropriate investigation and reorganization data and documentation. Manipulate and analyze large data sets to distill insights from data and connect disparate ideas into cohesive, well-grounded recommendations using creative, structured and analytical thinking. Architect, develop and automate data and analytics solutions, iteratively build and prototype dashboards to provide insights at scale. Build relationships and collaborate with teammates and HR clients to solve organizational problems and empower organizations with high quality data.   Qualifications  Minimum qualifications: BA/BS degree in Economics, Statistics, Finance, Social Science, Psychology, or related field (i.e. Mathematics, Engineering), or equivalent practical experience. 2 years of HR or other relevant experience. Experience working with SQL, Python or other data/scripting language. Experience building and maintaining solutions to collect, store, and organize data to address client needs. Ability to speak and write in English fluently and idiomatically.  Preferred qualifications: Experience turning raw data into meaningful metrics, recommendations for improvements, and action. Experience using quantitative and qualitative analytical strategies and working with multiple data sources to generate insights from analyses, answer questions or create solutions. Experience collaborating on projects involving multiple teams, managing an ongoing relationship with client, and presenting to audiences. Experience using data visualization (e.g. tables, charts, graphs). Experience with conducting research using basic statistics (e.g. correlations, t-tests, regressions). Experience forming testable statements generated from inductive reasoning that can be verified via statistical and analytical means. Project management skills and high attention to detail. Demonstrated ability to operate with confidentiality and commitment to produce high quality work. ;description-section text: Note: By applying to this position your application is automatically submitted to the following locations: Mountain View, CA, USA; San Francisco, CA, USA; Boulder, CO, USA; New York, NY, USA;description-section text with-benefits: The Advertising & Engagement team at Nest is responsible for all paid, earned, and owned consumer facing Marketing efforts. Within this group, Nest is looking for an experienced Content & Social Marketing Manager to join our fast paced team.The work:Content Creation & Management:  Own our social editorial calendar. Manage the development of content to populate our social channels (Facebook, Twitter, Instagram, YouTube) on a weekly basis: whether it’s working with our agency to help produce, or creating assets and writing the copy for a witty tweet yourself Creative Briefing & Content Development:  Draft and deliver creative briefs to both internal creatives and external partners. You have an eye for good design, and understanding of specific social channel content requirements and best practices. Help oversee and manage two social media agencies to fulfill and execute on larger social strategy for the brand Video Content Management:  Help with the management of video content; both organizing and managing our internal video content database, as well as publishing and tracking video content on the Nest YouTube and nest.com video page Budget and Billing Management:  Experience managing both production & media budgets; comfortable working with vendors, internal legal, and finance teams to ensure POs and SOWs get properly executed Influencer Management:  Act as a liaison with influencer relationships for the brand; helping groom current relationships and foster new ones Reporting & Analytics:  Help with weekly and initiative based reporting to celebrate the social and content wins on our team. Understanding of key social KPIs, and ideally an understanding of social analytics tools (Sprinklr, SalesForce Social Studio, Google Analytics, etc). Comfortability presenting data and reporting out to larger team is important Community Management:  Help guide our larger team of dedicated social support community managers who are responding to social inquiries on a daily basis Minimum qualifications: BA/BS degree or equivalent practical experience  5+ years experience managing social media for major brand(s) on either client or agency side  4+ years experience planning and executing paid social campaigns  Preferred qualifications: Ability to analyze data, identify trends and present key findings (both quantitative and qualitative)  Working knowledge of Google Analytics, Sprinklr, Opal and some Adobe Creative Suite tools  Copywriting experience acting as the social voice for a major brand  Self-starter willing to wear multiple hats  Eye and appreciation for thoughtful design 
134	Google	Innovation (Research) Specialist	San Francisco, CA, United States	description-section:  Responsibilities   Inform the yearly research strategy for the Executive Development team. Influence program curriculum and offerings, bringing findings into leadership development experiences, refining the Executive Development research methodology over time. Run research studies end-to-end, including scoping research questions, executing research (both quantitative and qualitative) and packaging results. Curate research findings in unique and provocative ways (white papers, podcasts, etc.). Partner with other research groups at Google to amplify insights across efforts. Bring thought leadership to others across the People Operations community; present research findings to Google’s most senior leaders and to external audiences. Build an annual thought conference from scratch. Leverage creativity, curiosity, and collaboration to investigate undiscovered territory.   Qualifications  Minimum qualifications: Master's degree in a social science field (Anthropology, Liberal Arts, Sociology), or equivalent practical experience. 8 years of relevant experience, particularly in a thought leadership or research role. Experience designing and delivering keynote addresses to executive audiences. Qualitative and quantitative research experience. Preferred qualifications: High-level of critical thinking. Proven ability to make research findings practical and useful. Background in innovation, futurist methods, or other non-traditional research disciplines. Marketing, writing, and/or graphic design background. Demonstrated success in a fast-paced, dynamic work environment. Background in leadership development theory. ;description-section text: Note: By applying to this position your application is automatically submitted to the following locations: Mountain View, CA, USA; San Francisco, CA, USA; Boulder, CO, USA; New York, NY, USA;description-section text with-benefits: Our PeopleDev team works hard to ensure every Googler has access to the resources they need to become their best personal and professional selves. We leverage tools, technology, and innovative formats to scale learning and support Googlers at all stages of their careers — from Noogler Orientation, to manager training, to leadership development, and more. We have four key beliefs about learning — that it is personal, social, a process, and happens in real life — and we infuse these beliefs throughout the wide array of learning and development opportunities at Google. As a PeopleDev team member, you'll always be thinking about new ways to help others grow, and you share a passion for empowering Googlers to unlock their full potential. As a Innovation (Research) Specialist, you’ll conduct studies from inception to completion. This role requires taking on multiple perspectives, refined systems thinking and the ability to make sense out of complex inputs. You have strong understanding of how to translate research findings into practical application. This is not a traditional research job; you will be using a new methodology that is highly qualitative in nature and leverages futurist tools.Great just isn't good enough for our People Operations team (you probably know us better as "Human Resources"). Made up of equal parts HR professionals, former consultants and analysts, we're the champions of Google's colorful culture. In People Ops, we "find them, grow them, and keep them" - we bring the world's most innovative people to Google and provide the programs that help them thrive. Whether recruiting the next great Googler, refining our core programs, developing talent or simply looking for ways to inject some more fun into the lives of our Googlers, we bring a data-driven approach that is reinventing the human resources field.
135	Nest	Program Manager - Nest Field Trials	Palo Alto, CA, United States	description-section:  Responsibilities   Inform the yearly research strategy for the Executive Development team. Influence program curriculum and offerings, bringing findings into leadership development experiences, refining the Executive Development research methodology over time. Run research studies end-to-end, including scoping research questions, executing research (both quantitative and qualitative) and packaging results. Curate research findings in unique and provocative ways (white papers, podcasts, etc.). Partner with other research groups at Google to amplify insights across efforts. Bring thought leadership to others across the People Operations community; present research findings to Google’s most senior leaders and to external audiences. Build an annual thought conference from scratch. Leverage creativity, curiosity, and collaboration to investigate undiscovered territory.   Qualifications  Minimum qualifications: Master's degree in a social science field (Anthropology, Liberal Arts, Sociology), or equivalent practical experience. 8 years of relevant experience, particularly in a thought leadership or research role. Experience designing and delivering keynote addresses to executive audiences. Qualitative and quantitative research experience. Preferred qualifications: High-level of critical thinking. Proven ability to make research findings practical and useful. Background in innovation, futurist methods, or other non-traditional research disciplines. Marketing, writing, and/or graphic design background. Demonstrated success in a fast-paced, dynamic work environment. Background in leadership development theory. ;description-section text: Note: By applying to this position your application is automatically submitted to the following locations: Mountain View, CA, USA; San Francisco, CA, USA; Boulder, CO, USA; New York, NY, USA;description-section text with-benefits:  Nest’s Field Trial team is looking for a strong Program Manager to manage all aspects of the Nest Thermostat Field Trial programs (Beta testing). You will play a key role in developing test requirements, managing cross-functional communication, creating and driving the overall FT schedule, identifying and mitigating risk at all stages, and delivering actionable feedback and bug reports that contribute to major product decisions to ultimately ship high-quality products.The work:  Own all aspects of Nest Thermostat Field Trial programs including test definition, recruiting, population management, reporting, and continually identifying methods to improve quantity and quality of tester feedback  Manage, track, prioritize bugs, and general product improvements  Set criteria and execute the recruiting of internal and external testers for a given program  Communicate program status, risks and next steps to internal stakeholder teams  Manage multiple FT programs around the world simultaneously, including new HW programs, SW updates, app releases and expansion programs Minimun qualifications:  BA/BS degree or equivalent experience  2+ years in Program Management Preferred qualifications:  Strong project/program management skills  Excellent written and oral communication, analytical, and interpersonal skills  Ability to effectively communicate and collaborate with a diverse range of people and job functions  Self-starter with the ability to work as individual contributor and to contribute as part of a larger team  Deadline and detail-oriented  Exceptional problem-solving, negotiation, and organizational skills  Excellent multi-tasker  Proven ability to work as part of a fast-paced team  Experience with survey creation and other methods to obtain user feedback about the product experience  Consumer electronics industry experience  Project/Program Management Certification  Proficient with data querying and visualization tools (e.g., SQL,Tableau)  The ideal candidate must have a positive, can-do attitude with a desire to do what it takes to contribute to the overall success of a program 
136	Nest	Web Application Engineer	Boulder, CO, United States	description-section:  Responsibilities   Inform the yearly research strategy for the Executive Development team. Influence program curriculum and offerings, bringing findings into leadership development experiences, refining the Executive Development research methodology over time. Run research studies end-to-end, including scoping research questions, executing research (both quantitative and qualitative) and packaging results. Curate research findings in unique and provocative ways (white papers, podcasts, etc.). Partner with other research groups at Google to amplify insights across efforts. Bring thought leadership to others across the People Operations community; present research findings to Google’s most senior leaders and to external audiences. Build an annual thought conference from scratch. Leverage creativity, curiosity, and collaboration to investigate undiscovered territory.   Qualifications  Minimum qualifications: Master's degree in a social science field (Anthropology, Liberal Arts, Sociology), or equivalent practical experience. 8 years of relevant experience, particularly in a thought leadership or research role. Experience designing and delivering keynote addresses to executive audiences. Qualitative and quantitative research experience. Preferred qualifications: High-level of critical thinking. Proven ability to make research findings practical and useful. Background in innovation, futurist methods, or other non-traditional research disciplines. Marketing, writing, and/or graphic design background. Demonstrated success in a fast-paced, dynamic work environment. Background in leadership development theory. ;description-section text: Note: By applying to this position your application is automatically submitted to the following locations: Mountain View, CA, USA; San Francisco, CA, USA; Boulder, CO, USA; New York, NY, USA;description-section text with-benefits:  The Web Applications team is looking for a motivated engineer willing to work on tough problems. We build and maintain a large React / Redux based front-end with a truly global user base. You'd be joining an experienced and diverse team of folks working on new products and truly exciting frontiers - pushing the boundaries of new technology and Web APIs. Much of what we work on has never been tried before and pushes the web to new heights. You can easily find yourself researching technical problems most web engineers would never have to consider - such reducing latency on a custom built HTML5 video player, or efficiently rendering thousands of stars accurately in the night sky. Taking on such tasks will lead you to working cross functionally with many people including the Nest hardware, Design, and Google Chrome teams. Our aggressive browser support matrix and ambitious hardware integrations/support goals put Nest's Web App team in a truly unique and exciting place.  The work:  Designing and implementing the best web application possible alongside some truly top-tier engineers (and just great people to be around)  Investigating new web technologies and evaluating how they could benefit Nest's product line and user experience - always looking for a way to deliver more Nest magic  Participating in fun team activities such as lunches and informal discussions  Working cross-functionally to ship the best features/products possible across dozens of countries and locales  Minimum qualifications:  5+ years relevant experience  Preferred qualifications:  5+ years experience on Web Applications  Deep understanding of modern Javascript (ES6+), CSS, HTML, and web application design  Familiarity with modern frameworks and Web APIs  Experience with Agile development process  Strong attention to detail - from design through code to testing  Comfort with ambiguity, rapid release cycles, and tight schedules  Demonstrated expertise in problem-solving and technical innovation 
137	Google	Technical Solutions Consultant, Google Technical Services	Stockholm, Sweden	description-section:  Responsibilities   Work closely with our Sales team. Identify, develop, and optimize new business opportunities and develop client relationships by leveraging Google products and technologies. Develop cutting-edge solutions as the technical lead, provide consulting services to our partners, build lasting relationships and be sensitive to client needs. Help partners in their day-to-day challenges by delivering innovative and scalable solutions and troubleshooting their issues. Propose, design, create and present prototypes, demos and proofs-of-concept to a wide variety of audiences, from engineers to marketing professionals. Perform implementation reviews. Advocate for new product features, and provide partner feedback to internal cross-functional teams including Product Management and Engineering. Travel as required to meet with specific partners/clients across the world.   Qualifications  Minimum qualifications: BA/BS degree in Computer Science or a related technical subject, or equivalent practical experience. Experience with web technologies such as HTML, CSS, JavaScript, and HTTP. Experience in one or more programming languages, including Java, C++, Python. Ability to speak and write in English fluently and idiomatically. Preferred qualifications: Experience working with and managing external partners/customers. Familiarity with SQL/MySQL and Unix/Linux operating systems/commands. Demonstrated ability to adapt your message to the technical level of the audience and comfort presenting technical materials to groups of any size and background. Excellent project management skills and attention to detail. Excellent problem solving, analytical and troubleshooting skills. Ability to speak and write in Swedish fluently and idiomatically. ;description-section text: Note: By applying to this position your application is automatically submitted to the following locations: Mountain View, CA, USA; San Francisco, CA, USA; Boulder, CO, USA; New York, NY, USA;description-section text with-benefits: Google Technical Services: Professional Services (gPS) is a team of solution-oriented trusted advisors supporting millions of users worldwide. Our consultative services take our deep technical and product expertise and combine it with our powerful understanding of our customer’s needs and goals to solve their biggest business challenges allowing them to grow and get the most out of Google solutions. Google Technical Services is a global support and operations team, with a mission to delight our customers with care so good, it’s got to be Google. Our team is the face of Google to most of our customers, and we want their Google support experience to set new standards, just like Google’s products do. Our team cares for customers by solving problems and scaling solutions, incubating new Google products, and sharing user feedback with internal teams to influence product development. We support a wide variety of products, from Ads to Project Fi and just about everything in between, and our customers include advertisers, consumers, partners, publishers, retailers, and our own Sales Googlers.
138	Google	Technical Program Manager, Forecasting and Project Planning	Singapore	description-section:  Responsibilities   Work with Google Data Centers, Partner and Engineering teams to understand resource needs and create plans related to the delivery and management of Google's Facility Capital Assets. Assist Partner teams in converting future project needs into resource requirements, taking into account supply plans as well as future technology insertions. Work with Partner teams to understand the impact of project implementation in a live data center environment. Serve as a resource to other resource Planners in and outside of Technical Infrastructure in improving utilization or performance through planning and requirements development and define next generation planning processes and tools to scale with Google’s growth. Perform a variety of scheduling and planning functions encompassing conceptual schedules, options analysis, baselines, progress measurement, and reporting with limited supervision. Implement standard procedures for scheduling including baselining, statusing, progress measurement, schedule quality analysis, change management, contingency management and more.   Qualifications  Minimum qualifications: BA/BS degree in Construction Management, Quantity Surveying, industrial Engineering or other technical field, or equivalent practical experience. 10 years of experience managing large-scale, dynamic technical projects with competing resources and priorities. 5 years of experience in the construction of technology facilities. Experience working with planning and scheduling platforms (Primavera P6, MS Project). Preferred qualifications: Experience with capacity planning, launching internet software/services, planning data center infrastructure, and/or managing large-scale distributed systems. Experience leading cross-functional process improvements and holding project leads accountable to project goals. Knowledge of tools and elements of project management. Experience as an effective stand-alone agreement consultant. Knowledge of Mechanical and Electrical systems. Ability to collaborate and influence across multiple levels of an organization. Comfortable shifting between hands-on detailed analysis and big picture thinking and customizing communication based on the audience. Effective problem-solving, communication and facilitation skills. ;description-section text: Note: By applying to this position your application is automatically submitted to the following locations: Mountain View, CA, USA; San Francisco, CA, USA; Boulder, CO, USA; New York, NY, USA;description-section text with-benefits: Google's projects, like our users, span the globe and require managers to keep the big picture in focus while being able to dive into the unique engineering challenges we face daily. As a Technical Program Manager at Google, you lead complex, multi-disciplinary engineering projects using your engineering expertise. You plan requirements with internal customers and usher projects through the entire project lifecycle. This includes managing project schedules, identifying risks and clearly communicating them to project stakeholders. You're equally at home explaining your team's analyses and recommendations to executives as you are discussing the technical trade-offs in product development with engineers.Using your extensive technical and leadership expertise, you manage projects of various size and scope, identifying future opportunities, improving processes and driving the technical directions of your programs. As a Technical Program Manager, you will ensure that Google's services can be deployed in a time, place and configuration ideal for serving Google's users, arranging for capacity to be ready where and when it is needed. You will collaborate with all organizational levels to define project requirements for new processes and software systems, coordinate with cross-functional teams to drive implementation, and mitigate risks to efficiently prioritize projects - all while understanding and creating the future state and technologies of our infrastructure. You demonstrate the ability to provide matrix leadership across functional teams, lead complex projects to successful completion, evaluate capacity utilization data and understand complex technical topics affecting Google services and users. Behind everything our users see online is the architecture built by the Technical Infrastructure team to keep it running. From developing and maintaining our data centers to building the next generation of Google platforms, we make Google's product portfolio possible. We're proud to be our engineers' engineers and love voiding warranties by taking things apart so we can rebuild them. We're always on call to keep our networks up and running, ensuring our users have the best and fastest experience possible.
139	Google	Partner Sales Manager, Google Cloud	München, Germany	description-section:  Responsibilities   Set the vision for your team Drive demand generation activities with partners through events and campaigns through an industry focused plan in coordination with partner marketing Identify the right Google partner for each opportunity from the portfolio of partners managed by Google Review proposal document(s) to ensure alignment between Sales and Partners Ensure that all of your team opportunities have partners attached to add value and drive business growth.   Qualifications  Minimum qualifications: BA/BS degree or equivalent practical experience Experience as a Partner Sales Manager Experience with public cloud solutions across Software-as-a-Service (SaaS), Platform-as-a-Service (PaaS) and Infrastructure-as-a-Service (IaaS) markets Preferred qualifications: Deep Industry knowledge of System Integrators (SIs)/Service Providers (SPs) and Independent Software Vendors (ISVs); extended knowledge of, and experience with, cloud ecosystem Excellent written and oral communication skills, including experience presenting to senior-level audiences Excellent ‘impact and influence’ and management skills Excellent technical understanding of foundational cloud technologies Excellent interpersonal skills and comfort working in and through a cross-functional organization ;description-section text: Note: By applying to this position your application is automatically submitted to the following locations: Mountain View, CA, USA; San Francisco, CA, USA; Boulder, CO, USA; New York, NY, USA;description-section text with-benefits: Google Cloud teams work with schools, companies, and government agencies to make them more productive, mobile, and collaborative. On this team, you will drive Google Cloud business relationships by analyzing partner business performance, identifying methods of increasing partner and Google returns, pitching ideas to and identifying opportunities within partners, and coordinating across Google teams to deliver. As part of the Google Cloud team, the Go-to-Market (GTM) Partnerships team is leading the effort to build the world’s leading Cloud Partner Ecosystem. We are shaping the future of how technology is used in the workplace, and invite you to be part of fast-growing, business critical team in this rapidly growing business.  As a Partner Sales Manager based in Germany, you are responsible for supporting your team in driving opportunities through the use of Google partners. You will be the Partner Lead and the ‘go-to’ person for all partner business activity. Your nominated team could represent an industry vertical such as Financial Services or represent a number of industry verticals.  You will also be working closely with teams from Google’s thriving Ecosystem of Services partners and manage the day to day interaction between the two. This is in order to find and manage opportunities and ultimately to significantly grow our mutual book of Google Cloud business year over year.  You have a significant and demonstrable partner sales experience gained within the cloud industry and have a strong technical awareness of cloud technologies. You also have a high level of discipline in managing business opportunities and a clear understanding of sales methodology.Google Cloud helps millions of employees and organizations empower their employees, serve their customers, and build what’s next for their business — all with technology built in the cloud. Our products are engineered for security, reliability and scalability, running the full stack from infrastructure to applications to devices and hardware. And our teams are dedicated to helping our customers — developers, small and large businesses, educational institutions and government agencies — see the benefits of our technology come to life.
140	Google	Strategic Negotiator, Global Network Acquisition (APAC)	Beijing, China	description-section:  Responsibilities   Collaborate with internal business and networking technical teams to identify and define strategic initiatives necessary to meet Google's ongoing infrastructure needs. Build and drive strategic relationships with vendors, identify unique opportunities for partnership or expansion in the technical infrastructure space and determine specific solutions that meet commercial, technical and timing requirements. Identify and develop strategic agreements with vendors/partners providing transport network, IP transit, dark fiber and colocation services in given markets. Build and drive Google’s strategy for technical infrastructure builds in given territories/market(s). Lead partnerships in tandem with Google's legal team. Communicate progress internally and collaborate with network deployment and other technical teams.   Qualifications  Minimum qualifications: BA/BS degree or relevant practical experience. 4 years of experience in networking technologies across the OSI (Open Systems Interconnect) model. Experience with strategic negotiations and/or business development obtaining services from high-technology providers in colocation data centers, internet transit, network transport, telecom services. Ability to speak and write in English and Mandarin fluently and idiomatically. Ability to travel up to 20% of the time. Preferred qualifications: BA/BS degree in Technology, Science or Engineering. 8 years of relevant work experience, including experience with contract development and vendor management across many vendors simultaneously in technology related domains. Deep understanding of domestic and global carrier networks. Excellent analytical and problem-solving skills. Ability to connect with senior level industry executives to develop strategic relationships/initiatives. Well versed with contractual framework and ability to negotiate complex agreements with vendors/partners/suppliers; Ability to travel up to 35% of the time if needed. ;description-section text: For immediate consideration, please send a text (ASCII), HTML, PDF or DOC version of your resume in English to jobs@google.com. Important: The subject field of your email must include Strategic Negotiator, Global Network Acquisition (APAC) - Beijing or Shanghai.Note: By applying to this position your application is automatically submitted to the following locations: Shanghai, China; Beijing, China;description-section text with-benefits: As Google's products and services grow to serve our billions of users, the Strategic Negotiation team works behind the scenes to secure infrastructure for Google's future. It's a big job that involves everything from operating underwater cables to finding data center space. In this role you combine your deep market knowledge with tech industry savvy to find solutions that support Google's growth. You'll work with specific teams to oversee vendor and partner relationships. Your successful management skills have the potential to impact every part of the business and save Google millions of dollars in operating costs. You'll ensure that we receive contract compliance on our third-party agreements, while identifying the most cost-effective solutions for our needs. You'll take lead on special projects, manage vendors and present your recommendations to Google leadership. Behind everything our users see online is the architecture built by the Technical Infrastructure team to keep it running. From developing and maintaining our data centers to building the next generation of Google platforms, we make Google's product portfolio possible. We're proud to be our engineers' engineers and love voiding warranties by taking things apart so we can rebuild them. We're always on call to keep our networks up and running, ensuring our users have the best and fastest experience possible.
141	Nest	Nest Predictions Software Engineer	Palo Alto, CA, United States	description-section:  Responsibilities   Collaborate with internal business and networking technical teams to identify and define strategic initiatives necessary to meet Google's ongoing infrastructure needs. Build and drive strategic relationships with vendors, identify unique opportunities for partnership or expansion in the technical infrastructure space and determine specific solutions that meet commercial, technical and timing requirements. Identify and develop strategic agreements with vendors/partners providing transport network, IP transit, dark fiber and colocation services in given markets. Build and drive Google’s strategy for technical infrastructure builds in given territories/market(s). Lead partnerships in tandem with Google's legal team. Communicate progress internally and collaborate with network deployment and other technical teams.   Qualifications  Minimum qualifications: BA/BS degree or relevant practical experience. 4 years of experience in networking technologies across the OSI (Open Systems Interconnect) model. Experience with strategic negotiations and/or business development obtaining services from high-technology providers in colocation data centers, internet transit, network transport, telecom services. Ability to speak and write in English and Mandarin fluently and idiomatically. Ability to travel up to 20% of the time. Preferred qualifications: BA/BS degree in Technology, Science or Engineering. 8 years of relevant work experience, including experience with contract development and vendor management across many vendors simultaneously in technology related domains. Deep understanding of domestic and global carrier networks. Excellent analytical and problem-solving skills. Ability to connect with senior level industry executives to develop strategic relationships/initiatives. Well versed with contractual framework and ability to negotiate complex agreements with vendors/partners/suppliers; Ability to travel up to 35% of the time if needed. ;description-section text: For immediate consideration, please send a text (ASCII), HTML, PDF or DOC version of your resume in English to jobs@google.com. Important: The subject field of your email must include Strategic Negotiator, Global Network Acquisition (APAC) - Beijing or Shanghai.Note: By applying to this position your application is automatically submitted to the following locations: Shanghai, China; Beijing, China;description-section text with-benefits: As a Prediction Services Software Engineer at Nest you will be responsible for building a learning platform for the conscious home. We work closely with algorithm engineers to build machine learning services that help our products think. If you’re a talented engineer who enjoys the challenges of working with large data systems, real-time services, and building scalable machine learning algorithms, we’d like to hear from you!   The work:  Deliver high-performance, reliable, and scalable systems leveraging best-of-breed big data, real-time, and machine learning technology  Contribute to the design and development of Nest's core algorithm service, including algorithm research and development, model training, real-time prediction, and decision making  Diagnose problems which can only arise in a complex distributed environment  Collaborate with Engineering, Operations, Analytics, and Algorithm teams throughout the organization  Minimum qualifications:  Bachelor’s degree (or higher) in Computer Science, Mathematics, Statistics or related field  4+ years of backend software development experience  Preferred qualifications:  Experience building high quality distributed systems or backend services  Solid understanding of multiple programming languages (e.g. Scala, Java C/C++, Python)  Experience working with data processing, loading and transformation systems (e.g. MapReduce, Spark, Dataflow)  Experience working with large-scale data storage systems (e.g. BigTable, Cassandra, BigQuery)  Experience building high quality, large-scale, distributed systems using Java, Scala, C++, or Python  Familiarity with machine learning techniques/libraries (scipy, mllib, tensorflow)  Solid system design, problem solving, and data analysis skills  Desire to learn more and fill your knowledge gaps of any of the technologies listed above!  A passion and curiosity for creating and building things 
142	Google	Product Manager, Ads, Waze	Tel Aviv-Yafo, Israel	description-section:  Responsibilities   Work on products that cross web and server. Manage products’ full lifecycle: collecting requirements, writing product definition, project planning, orchestrating product development and testing, guiding go-to-market and overseeing product performance. Develop metrics to measure product and projects success. Gain thorough knowledge and expertise in Waze ads products and act as an escalation point for the different ads teams (Sales, Ad Operations and Engineering). Build and communicate the product roadmap, incorporating product knowledge, advertisers, users and stakeholders feedback, as well as engineering input. Manage releases of products and projects for the Waze ads platform.   Qualifications  Minimum qualifications: BA/BS degree in a related quantitative field (e.g. Computer Science, Electrical Engineering, Mathematics or Statistics), or equivalent practical experience. Experience as a Product Manager. Experience with web products and web technologies. Ability to speak and write in English and Hebrew fluently and idiomatically. Preferred qualifications: MBA degree. Experience working with Sales and Operations teams. Experience with CRM systems (Salesforce). Engineering or Analytics experience. Experience in online advertising. ;description-section text: For immediate consideration, please send a text (ASCII), HTML, PDF or DOC version of your resume in English to jobs@google.com. Important: The subject field of your email must include Strategic Negotiator, Global Network Acquisition (APAC) - Beijing or Shanghai.Note: By applying to this position your application is automatically submitted to the following locations: Shanghai, China; Beijing, China;description-section text with-benefits: Product is where it all begins at Waze. Whether you are a designer, UI expert, or product manager you will play a role in shaping and advancing various Waze projects and products. Your creativity, dedication to UX and good eye for detail ensures that Waze's products are well received, intuitive and polished. You collaborate with the product team to mock up new features and then work closely with R&D to bring them to life. At Waze, we leave all egos at the door and concentrate on the job at hand. We value passionate, down to earth, “can do” people who enjoy fine-tuning small details, without losing sight of the big picture. We are looking for the type of person who feels uncomfortable when a day goes by without achieving something impactful. Someone who is driven to get things done and views obstacles as an exciting challenge that demands a creative solution. Above all else, this role requires someone who takes great pride in their work and is inspired and motivated by their role in improving the way millions of people drive worldwide. As a Product Manager you will play a key role in shaping and advancing various Waze projects and products. Your creativity, dedication to UX and good eye for detail ensures that Waze's products are well received, intuitive and polished. You collaborate with the Design team to mock up new features and then work closely with R&D to bring them to life. Happy, engaged and excited Wazers are all that matters here at Waze—that's why product is at the center of it all. Responsible for our product is a small team of talented, creative, and multidisciplinary product managers, UI experts and designers who work closely with R&D and our community to find new and innovative ways to enthuse our users. We are looking for creative individuals with a passion for the consumer mobile and social spaces to complement our team.
143	Google	Solution Engineer Manager, Google Cloud	Bengaluru, India	description-section:  Responsibilities   Hire, coach and drive a high performance team to deliver against assigned goals while prioritizing an outstanding customer experience to customers and prospects. Work with the team to create activities (e.g. identifying and handling key customer technical questions and objections) in order to develop strategies, resolve technical impediments and scope out migration workloads. Be responsible for technical aspects of solutions to include such activities as managing product and solution briefings, proof-of-concept work, and the coordination of supporting technical resources. Prepare and deliver product messaging in an effort to highlight Google Cloud Platform value proposition using techniques to include whiteboard and slide presentations, product demonstrations, white papers, trial management and documents. Make recommendations on integration strategies, enterprise architectures, platforms and the application infrastructure required to successfully implement a complete solution providing best practice advice to customers to optimize Google Cloud Platform effectiveness.   Qualifications  Minimum qualifications: BA/BS degree in Computer Science or related technical field or equivalent practical experience. 10 years of experience serving in the capacity of a technical sales engineer in a cloud computing environment or equivalent experience in a customer facing role (including working as a member of a professional services or systems engineering team). Experience with managing and developing teams. Preferred qualifications: Master's degree in Computer Science or MBA degree. Demonstrated knowledge of solution architecture within web and mobile environment. Knowledge of web/internet related technologies, architecture across SAAS, PAAS and IAAS and cloud productivity suites. Knowledge of Google Cloud products (G Suite, Google Cloud Platform). Proven ability to inspire and grow teams to their full potential in a sales environment across cross-functional teams to achieve common business objectives. Ability to operate with enthusiasm and flexibility in a fast-paced, constantly evolving team environment. Ability to effectively present to both technical and non-technical audiences. Ability to quickly learn, understand, and work with new emerging technologies, methodologies, and solutions in the cloud/IT technology space. Excellent analytical, project management and organizational skills. ;description-section text: Note: By applying to this position your application is automatically submitted to the following locations: Mumbai, Maharashtra, India; Bengaluru, Karnataka, India; Gurugram, Haryana, India;description-section text with-benefits: As a Solution Engineer Manager, you will lead a team of customer engineers who engage with sales prospects and channel partners to understand and assess customer requirements, prepare and present demonstrations of Google’s Cloud technologies, and address and overcome technical objections that arise throughout the sales process. You will also lead efforts to drive solution innovation, working across the organization to identify the assets and tools to drive customer adoption. Google Cloud helps millions of employees and organizations empower their employees, serve their customers, and build what’s next for their business — all with technology built in the cloud. Our products are engineered for security, reliability and scalability, running the full stack from infrastructure to applications to devices and hardware. And our teams are dedicated to helping our customers — developers, small and large businesses, educational institutions and government agencies — see the benefits of our technology come to life.
144	Google	Mobile Web Specialist (English, Hebrew)	Tel Aviv-Yafo, Israel	description-section:  Responsibilities  Work with Google’s largest customers on projects that help them improve their mobile websites - in order to offer their users a better experience and increase their mobile ROI.Consult our advertisers on how to make their mobile sites load faster and improve the User Experience (UX) using tools like Lighthouse, WebPageTest and Google’s UX and speed research findings.Help our advertisers understand how Next Generation mobile web technologies from Google can improve their mobile site - from Accelerated Mobile Pages (AMP) to Progressive Web Apps (PWA) to our Payments and Identity APIs, etc.Partner with Google's technical support teams to leverage technical support for our most advanced advertisers. Manage these cross-functional projects successfully to speed up the implementation progress and success rate.Develop relations with both regional and global product management teams at Google to roll out best-in-class products to your country. Collate advertiser feedback in order to further improve our products.  Qualifications  Minimum qualifications:Bachelor's degree or equivalent practical experience.Experience organizing mobile site events including hackathons and workshops.Experience in training advertisers and agencies on mobile site speed, UX and technologies.Ability to speak and write in English and Hebrew fluently and idiomatically.Preferred qualifications:Extensive experience in consultative sales, with client-facing experience.Experience with diagnosing and improving mobile website load speed.Extensive experience in consultative sales with hands-on knowledge/experience in web design and technologies (HTML5, CSS and JavaScript).Web architecture and next generation web technologies knowledge (AMP:Accelerated Mobile Pages, PWA:Progressive Web Apps, Payments APIs, Identity APIs https) and interest in the next area of digital touchpoints (Voice, Google Assistant).Demonstrated ability to influence in regards to mobile and to drive tangible impact for large corporate organizations.;description-section text: Note: By applying to this position your application is automatically submitted to the following locations: Mumbai, Maharashtra, India; Bengaluru, Karnataka, India; Gurugram, Haryana, India;description-section text with-benefits: Businesses that partner with Google come in all shapes and sizes and get significantly more ROI from their Google advertising when they have fast, intuitive and compelling mobile websites. Using your consulting and relationship-building skills, you will provide Google-caliber client service helping our largest advertisers to improve their mobile websites. You anticipate how decisions are made, persistently explore and uncover the business needs of Google's key clients and understand how our range of product offerings can grow their business - from improving site load speed to UX and making the most of Google’s next generation mobile technologies like Accelerated Mobile Pages (AMP), Progressive Web Apps (PWAs) and the new browser APIs that simplify credentials, login, payments and media playback.Our Large Customer Sales teams partner closely with many of the world’s biggest advertisers and agencies to develop digital solutions that build strong businesses and brands. We enjoy a bird’s eye view on the massive transformation occurring as advertising shifts to mobile and online platforms. We're uniquely situated to help shape how companies grow their businesses in the digital age. We advise clients on Google's broad range of products across search, video and mobile to help them connect instantly and seamlessly with their audiences.
145	Google	Industry Head, Travel	Sydney, Australia	description-section:  Responsibilities   Drive and deliver effective business strategy, forecasting and business planning, and ensure achievement of goals. Provide strong sales leadership and vision, empowering the team to focus on the right opportunities. Challenge the status quo and provide compelling insights and Google solutions to our C-level customers and their agencies in order to help grow their businesses. Be a great people manager and coach, focused on the development of your team. Advocate for digital media and act as a thought leader at industry sector conferences and seminars. Lead industry and/or business projects.   Qualifications  Minimum qualifications: BA/BS degree or equivalent practical experience. Experience in consultative selling and sales management. Preferred qualifications: Comprehensive understanding of the sales process, with effective presentation and speaking skills. Demonstrated strategic marketing knowledge and expertise. A dynamic and collaborative team leader. Proven analytical and strategic skills with a bias for action. Established relationships and presence within the Travel or Online Media industry. A vision for the industry’s growth and a commitment to advancing Google's forward-looking strategies within the marketplace. ;description-section text: Note: By applying to this position your application is automatically submitted to the following locations: Mumbai, Maharashtra, India; Bengaluru, Karnataka, India; Gurugram, Haryana, India;description-section text with-benefits: Businesses that partner with Google come in all shapes, sizes and market caps, and no one Google advertising solution works for all. Your knowledge of online media combined with your communication skills and analytical abilities shapes how new and existing business grow. Using your influencing and relationship-building skills, you provide Google-caliber client service, research and market analysis. You anticipate how decisions are made, persistently explore and uncover the business needs of Google's key clients and understand how our range of product offerings can grow their business. Working with them, you set the vision and the strategy for how their advertising can reach thousands of users. As an Industry Head, you are a consummate performer with a consultative, growth-focused mindset and established C-level relationships. You have the demonstrated ability to lead and mentor a team and are seen as a strong leader in your organization.  You'll have a demonstrated record as an effective problem solver for your clients, and your ability to cultivate an in-depth understanding of your client’s business objectives and to organize resources around them has been core to your successes.  You have a passion for the digital world and a desire to make a difference. You’ve proven your strategic ability and commercial understanding and are looking for an exciting opportunity to move into a new role in a dynamic sector.Our Large Customer Sales teams partner closely with many of the world’s biggest advertisers and agencies to develop digital solutions that build strong businesses and brands. We enjoy a bird’s eye view on the massive transformation occurring as advertising shifts to mobile and online platforms. We're uniquely situated to help shape how companies grow their businesses in the digital age. We advise clients on Google's broad range of products across search, video and mobile to help them connect instantly and seamlessly with their audiences.
146	Google	Customer Solutions Engineering Manager, Platforms Display	New York, NY, United States	description-section:  Responsibilities   Manage a team of Solutions Engineers that provide exemplary operational support and consultative services at scale to customers and agencies. Deliver strategic vision of the Google Professional Services organization, working with Sales, Product Management and Engineering teams to ensure strategic alignment with customer needs. Manage and communicate processes and metrics to enable a highly transparent, credible and impactful organization. Lead ongoing initiatives to continually drive greater automation/efficiency of complex, multifaceted workflows and processes.   Qualifications  Minimum qualifications: BS degree in Computer Science or related technical field, or equivalent practical experience. 6 years of experience in the online advertising industry or a consulting firm. Experience coding with C++, Java and Python. Experience partnering/working with cross-functional stakeholders in an organization. Experience in a Technical People Management capacity, including experience leading business transformation initiatives. Preferred qualifications: Experience working with adtech products - ad server, DSPs, DMPs and web analytics. Effective project management, interpersonal and leadership skills; analytical capabilities and demonstrated ability to formulate data-driven proposals. Excellent written and oral business communication skills. ;description-section text: Note: By applying to this position your application is automatically submitted to the following locations: Mountain View, CA, USA; New York, NY, USA;description-section text with-benefits: Google Technical Services: Professional Services (gPS) is a team of solution-oriented trusted advisors supporting millions of users worldwide. Our consultative services take our deep technical and product expertise and combine it with our powerful understanding of our customer’s needs and goals to solve their biggest business challenges allowing them to grow and get the most out of Google solutions. We are hiring for a DoubleClick Display Technical People Manager to join the team, and as an influential and effective leader to manage a team of senior, tenured and expert individuals servicing the DoubleClick display business.Google Technical Services is a global support and operations team, with a mission to delight our customers with care so good, it’s got to be Google. Our team is the face of Google to most of our customers, and we want their Google support experience to set new standards, just like Google’s products do. Our team cares for customers by solving problems and scaling solutions, incubating new Google products, and sharing user feedback with internal teams to influence product development. We support a wide variety of products, from Ads to Project Fi and just about everything in between, and our customers include advertisers, consumers, partners, publishers, retailers, and our own Sales Googlers.
147	Google	Account Strategist, Accelerated Growth Team, Google Marketing Solutions	Gurugram, India	description-section:  Responsibilities   Prospect clients and identify strong leads. Manage pipeline and develop a strategy for long-term sustained success. Grow clients' AdWords footprint by presenting customized digital marketing solutions. Implement creative ways to expand customers existing accounts, tailor and share performance-enhancing suggestions, and promote other Google products. Communicate with customers proactively, via phone and email, and sometimes in person. Deliver against assigned goals, while prioritizing and delivering outstanding customer sales experience to Google's advertisers.   Qualifications  Minimum qualifications:  BA/BS degree or equivalent practical experience. 4 years of experience in an advertising sales, business development, and/or online media environment. Preferred qualifications: Successful track record in directly driving sales revenue and maintaining client relationships. Proven track record of exceeding sales goals. Interest in sales as well as an interest in working with and educating new advertisers. Demonstrated self-starter who thrives in a team environment. Extremely proactive, organized, responsible and have the proven ability to work well with a team. Strong communication skills and the ability to pitch comprehensive advertising solutions over the telephone to high-end prospects. ;description-section text: Note: By applying to this position your application is automatically submitted to the following locations: Mountain View, CA, USA; New York, NY, USA;description-section text with-benefits: Businesses that partner with Google come in all shapes, sizes and market caps, and no one Google advertising solution works for all. Your knowledge of online media combined with your communication skills and analytical abilities shapes how new and existing business grow. Using your influencing and relationship-building skills, you provide Google-caliber client service, research and market analysis. You anticipate how decisions are made, persistently explore and uncover the business needs of Google's key clients and understand how our range of product offerings can grow their business. Working with them, you set the vision and the strategy for how their advertising can reach thousands of users. The Accelerated Growth team was rolled out as a new sales program to engage and grow highest potential advertisers. If you are passionate about sales, growing revenue, solution promoting and consulting with clients directly, then this is the right role for you! You work with a highly engaged team and bring creativity to grow and expand the business. Your ability to source accounts from a predictive model and self prospecting, and your passion to drive sales will be the key to success. When our millions of advertisers and publishers are happy, so are we! Our team of entrepreneurial, enthusiastic and client-focused team members are the "human face" of Google, helping entrepreneurs both individually and broadly build their online presence and grow their businesses. We are dedicated to growing the unique needs of small- and medium-sized businesses. Our teams of strategists, analysts, advisers and support specialists collaborate closely to spot and analyze customer needs and trends. Together, we create and implement business plans broadly for every type of small business.
148	Google	Automation Specialist (Bidding, Attribution and Measurement), Product and Sales Activation, Google Marketing Solutions (French or German)	Dublin, Ireland	description-section:  Responsibilities   Prepare and deploy measurement and attribution capability plans, taking responsibility for implementation of measurement/automation solutions for your clients. Work on a project basis with clients to help them solve their measurement and attribution challenges through a process of education, consultation and analysis leading to extensive business growth. Perform attribution modeling and other types of analysis in order to improve the performance of client media investment. Become a thought leader for measurement across the GMS France/Germany Business, advocating best practices for your clients and help to advance overall measurement literacy both internally and externally. Manage the Measurement, Attribution and Automation strategy for GMS France/Germany at the market level.   Qualifications  Minimum qualifications: Experience delivering presentations, workshops and training. Experience working with spreadsheets and multiple sources of data to generate insights that influence business decisions. Experience with measurement platforms, analytics and attribution modelling. Ability to speak and write in English and French or German fluently and idiomatically. Preferred qualifications: Experience with offline data integrations including APIs, Data Warehouse and GA Measurement Protocol. Experience in a consultative sales and client-facing role. Advanced knowledge of Google Analytics and other analytics tools (e.g. Adobe Analytics, Firebase, Piwik etc.). Knowledge of the French or German media landscape. Basic knowledge of statistical modelling. Demonstrated ability to influence C-suite on measurement and drive technical outcomes for complex and sophisticated organizations. ;description-section text: Note: By applying to this position your application is automatically submitted to the following locations: Mountain View, CA, USA; New York, NY, USA;description-section text with-benefits: Businesses that partner with Google come in all shapes, sizes and market caps, and no one Google advertising solution works for all. Your knowledge of online media combined with your communication skills and analytical abilities shapes how new and existing business grow. Using your influencing and relationship-building skills, you provide Google-caliber client service, research and market analysis. You anticipate how decisions are made, persistently explore and uncover the business needs of Google's key clients and understand how our range of product offerings can grow their business. Working with them, you set the vision and the strategy for how their advertising can reach thousands of users. The Product and Sales Activation (PSA) team is a highly collaborative group of individuals who work hard to deliver solution-focused priorities within the Google Marketing Solutions (GMS) Sales organization. Liaising with other partner teams, the PSA team works to ensure that our client’s needs are addressed and conveyed to partner/product teams, while equipping GMS Sales with the knowledge, training, collateral, and opportunities needed for future growth.  We are the product and business experts behind the thousands of Small and Medium-sized Businesses, responsible for driving sustainable business growth and product adoption. We identify opportunities through data-driven analysis, develop business cases for those opportunities, build consensus with stakeholders, and program manage cross-functional teams to drive GMS advertiser success.  As an Automation Specialist, you will be at the forefront of providing solutions as a direct consultant to advertisers in either France or Germany with a remit to also scale your learnings and knowledge to the broader Sales teams within EMEA. You are a deeply analytical and solutions driven individual that loves working with clients to improve their measurement capabilities and integrate their various data sources to build a holistic view on attribution and drive their growth through actionable insights. Using your senior-level influencing and relationship-building skills, you bring together the key stakeholders across their organization to evaluate, test and decide the optimal attribution and bidding strategies.When our millions of advertisers and publishers are happy, so are we! Our Google Marketing Solutions (GMS) team of entrepreneurial, enthusiastic and client-focused members are the "human face" of Google, helping entrepreneurs both individually and broadly build their online presence and grow their businesses. We are dedicated to growing the unique needs of advertising companies. Our teams of strategists, analysts, advisers and support specialists collaborate closely to spot and analyze customer needs and trends. Together, we create and implement business plans broadly for all types of businesses.
149	Nest	Test Station Engineer	Taipei, Taiwan	description-section:  Responsibilities   Prepare and deploy measurement and attribution capability plans, taking responsibility for implementation of measurement/automation solutions for your clients. Work on a project basis with clients to help them solve their measurement and attribution challenges through a process of education, consultation and analysis leading to extensive business growth. Perform attribution modeling and other types of analysis in order to improve the performance of client media investment. Become a thought leader for measurement across the GMS France/Germany Business, advocating best practices for your clients and help to advance overall measurement literacy both internally and externally. Manage the Measurement, Attribution and Automation strategy for GMS France/Germany at the market level.   Qualifications  Minimum qualifications: Experience delivering presentations, workshops and training. Experience working with spreadsheets and multiple sources of data to generate insights that influence business decisions. Experience with measurement platforms, analytics and attribution modelling. Ability to speak and write in English and French or German fluently and idiomatically. Preferred qualifications: Experience with offline data integrations including APIs, Data Warehouse and GA Measurement Protocol. Experience in a consultative sales and client-facing role. Advanced knowledge of Google Analytics and other analytics tools (e.g. Adobe Analytics, Firebase, Piwik etc.). Knowledge of the French or German media landscape. Basic knowledge of statistical modelling. Demonstrated ability to influence C-suite on measurement and drive technical outcomes for complex and sophisticated organizations. ;description-section text: Note: By applying to this position your application is automatically submitted to the following locations: Mountain View, CA, USA; New York, NY, USA;description-section text with-benefits: The Nest Hardware team is responsible for everything inside our high-volume, low-power, high-quality consumer electronic products. We are looking for driven engineers that know what it takes to manufacture great products.The work:Support new production factory test station development and validationWork with Nest and OEM engineering teams on station bring-up, verification, and debugAssist in test station SW implementation and debug in new product prototype stageWork with hardware team on test coverage review and recommendationsContribute to initial station design concept and validation methodologyMinimum qualifications:BA/BS degree in engineering or equivalent practical experienceAble to travel internationally (25%)Preferred qualifications:3+ years of industry experience in testing and metrology methods for mass productionHardware or fixture debug skills, basic software debug experienceExperience with developing test equipment for mass productionExperience with product and equipment calibrationUnderstand statistical process and quality control principles and be capable of applying statistical analysis methods to raw data setsAbility to multi-task, and work independently with a hands-on approach to problem solvingExperience working with OEMs in a lab or factory environment
150	Google	Business Development and Partner Manager, Online Partnerships, Google Cloud	London, United Kingdom	description-section:  Responsibilities   Manage a set of portfolio partners through acquisition, agreement consultation, onboarding, and other channel program activities to help channel partners grow their G Suite channel business. Identify and validate opportunities across different channels and/or industry verticals; prioritize ideas by evaluating product market fit, the competitive landscape, potential business models and path to scale. Lead discussions with partners and prospects to define partnership models. Manage the entire agreement cycle by closely coordinating with Legal, Finance and other stakeholders. Develop joint business plans with partners; plan and forecast growth for key channel and partner accounts. Manage partner relationships to drive business growth for Google Cloud. Ensure business execution by monitoring activities and impact towards goals and pivot partnership/engagement model as necessary.   Qualifications  Minimum qualifications: BA/BS degree or equivalent practical experience. Relevant working experience. Experience in a business development, channel and partner development, partner management, online marketing, and/or strategic/management consulting role.  Preferred qualifications: MBA and/or Master's degree. Experience working with SaaS and cloud computing solutions. Experience operating within and leading cross-functional teams. Demonstrated ability to develop creative solutions, with effective attention-to-detail, entrepreneurial, creative and collaboration skills. Excellent analytical, presentation, project management, interpersonal and communication skills. Ability to travel up to 20% of the time. ;description-section text: Note: By applying to this position your application is automatically submitted to the following locations: Mountain View, CA, USA; New York, NY, USA;description-section text with-benefits: Google Cloud teams work with schools, companies, and government agencies to make them more productive, mobile and collaborative. You will oversee all aspects of the Google Cloud sales process, improving it with your insightful data analysis, troubleshooting, and seamless cross-functional teamwork. Your strategies ensure that companies new to Google products get the highest quality customer support and that the Google Cloud program overall is kept on the cutting edge. As a Business Development and Partner Manager on the Google Cloud Online Partnerships team, you will manage Google Cloud business relationships with key partners and prospects to develop new areas of collaboration and new lines of business. You'll cultivate new and existing partnerships to ensure we have the best partners bringing G Suite and Google Cloud Platform to our Small-and-Medium Business (SMB) market in the most innovative ways. Google Cloud helps millions of employees and organizations empower their employees, serve their customers, and build what’s next for their business — all with technology built in the cloud. Our products are engineered for security, reliability and scalability, running the full stack from infrastructure to applications to devices and hardware. And our teams are dedicated to helping our customers — developers, small and large businesses, educational institutions and government agencies — see the benefits of our technology come to life.
151	Nest	Machine Learning Algorithms Engineer	Palo Alto, CA, United States	description-section:  Responsibilities   Manage a set of portfolio partners through acquisition, agreement consultation, onboarding, and other channel program activities to help channel partners grow their G Suite channel business. Identify and validate opportunities across different channels and/or industry verticals; prioritize ideas by evaluating product market fit, the competitive landscape, potential business models and path to scale. Lead discussions with partners and prospects to define partnership models. Manage the entire agreement cycle by closely coordinating with Legal, Finance and other stakeholders. Develop joint business plans with partners; plan and forecast growth for key channel and partner accounts. Manage partner relationships to drive business growth for Google Cloud. Ensure business execution by monitoring activities and impact towards goals and pivot partnership/engagement model as necessary.   Qualifications  Minimum qualifications: BA/BS degree or equivalent practical experience. Relevant working experience. Experience in a business development, channel and partner development, partner management, online marketing, and/or strategic/management consulting role.  Preferred qualifications: MBA and/or Master's degree. Experience working with SaaS and cloud computing solutions. Experience operating within and leading cross-functional teams. Demonstrated ability to develop creative solutions, with effective attention-to-detail, entrepreneurial, creative and collaboration skills. Excellent analytical, presentation, project management, interpersonal and communication skills. Ability to travel up to 20% of the time. ;description-section text: Note: By applying to this position your application is automatically submitted to the following locations: Mountain View, CA, USA; New York, NY, USA;description-section text with-benefits:  The Technology Team is responsible for designing and delivering the intelligent features that make Nest products smart and user-friendly. This team is looking for a Machine Learning Algorithms Engineer that has experience in health and wellness to design, implement, and evaluate cutting-edge, data-driven algorithms that will help Nest devices understand and intelligently respond to people's needs. The work: Design and prototype algorithms that run on new and existing Nest devices  Develop feature specifications and performance metrics to capture high-level desired behaviors  Assemble representative data sets and use them to train and test new algorithms  Analyze complex multimodal sensor data (e.g., audio, video, motion) to optimize and evaluate algorithm performance in the field  Document designs and report results to product management on a regular basis  Identify opportunities for new algorithms and hardware improvements for future products   Minimum qualifications: BA/BS degree in Computer Science, Computer Engineering, Electrical Engineering or a related field  Fluency in Python and/or C++ Preferred qualifications: MS/Ph.D. or 2+ years of work in Computer Science, Computer Engineering, Electrical Engineering or a related field  First-hand experience with a variety of machine learning and pattern recognition techniques  Knowledge of cutting-edge algorithms in areas such as computer vision, audio recognition, gesture/activity recognition, robotics, sensor fusion, and signal processing  Previous industry experience shipping high quality sensor-based products and data-driven algorithms  Strong data analysis skills  Understanding of embedded system fundamentals  Intuitive ability to see a complex problem from many perspectives  Organized, detail-oriented and pragmatic  Thrives in both independent work and in collaboration on a multi-disciplinary team  Experience in the health industry and working on datasets related to health and wellness 
152	Nest	Software Engineer - Platform Services	Palo Alto, CA, United States	description-section:  Responsibilities   Manage a set of portfolio partners through acquisition, agreement consultation, onboarding, and other channel program activities to help channel partners grow their G Suite channel business. Identify and validate opportunities across different channels and/or industry verticals; prioritize ideas by evaluating product market fit, the competitive landscape, potential business models and path to scale. Lead discussions with partners and prospects to define partnership models. Manage the entire agreement cycle by closely coordinating with Legal, Finance and other stakeholders. Develop joint business plans with partners; plan and forecast growth for key channel and partner accounts. Manage partner relationships to drive business growth for Google Cloud. Ensure business execution by monitoring activities and impact towards goals and pivot partnership/engagement model as necessary.   Qualifications  Minimum qualifications: BA/BS degree or equivalent practical experience. Relevant working experience. Experience in a business development, channel and partner development, partner management, online marketing, and/or strategic/management consulting role.  Preferred qualifications: MBA and/or Master's degree. Experience working with SaaS and cloud computing solutions. Experience operating within and leading cross-functional teams. Demonstrated ability to develop creative solutions, with effective attention-to-detail, entrepreneurial, creative and collaboration skills. Excellent analytical, presentation, project management, interpersonal and communication skills. Ability to travel up to 20% of the time. ;description-section text: Note: By applying to this position your application is automatically submitted to the following locations: Mountain View, CA, USA; New York, NY, USA;description-section text with-benefits:  As a Backend Software Engineer you will be responsible for building the backbone of the conscious home. You will design highly reliable systems within our distributed environment. You will be responsible for millions of people living better lives through thoughtful things. The work:  Develop high quality, highly available systems within Nest’s service oriented architecture  Write clear, maintainable, and performant code  Projects include real time data synchronization, identity management, large-scale data processing frameworks, and service endpoints for web, embedded, and mobile clients  Diagnose problems which can only arise in a complex distributed environment  Work cross-functionally with Product Marketing, TechOps, and Integration Engineering  Minimum qualifications:  Bachelor’s degree (or higher) in Computer Science, Mathematics, Statistics, or related field 5+ years of experience working with Java, Scala, C/C++, and mySQL 5+ years of backend software development experience  Preferred qualifications:  Experience building high quality distributed systems or backend services  Proficiency in designing, building, and debugging distributed systems  Comfort with basic cryptographic techniques and security protocols is a plus  Comfortable working on Linux-based systems  Development of highly available public Web APIs 
153	Nest	Emerging Markets Business Development Manager - Electrical - Pro Channel	Chicago, IL, United States	description-section:  Responsibilities   Manage a set of portfolio partners through acquisition, agreement consultation, onboarding, and other channel program activities to help channel partners grow their G Suite channel business. Identify and validate opportunities across different channels and/or industry verticals; prioritize ideas by evaluating product market fit, the competitive landscape, potential business models and path to scale. Lead discussions with partners and prospects to define partnership models. Manage the entire agreement cycle by closely coordinating with Legal, Finance and other stakeholders. Develop joint business plans with partners; plan and forecast growth for key channel and partner accounts. Manage partner relationships to drive business growth for Google Cloud. Ensure business execution by monitoring activities and impact towards goals and pivot partnership/engagement model as necessary.   Qualifications  Minimum qualifications: BA/BS degree or equivalent practical experience. Relevant working experience. Experience in a business development, channel and partner development, partner management, online marketing, and/or strategic/management consulting role.  Preferred qualifications: MBA and/or Master's degree. Experience working with SaaS and cloud computing solutions. Experience operating within and leading cross-functional teams. Demonstrated ability to develop creative solutions, with effective attention-to-detail, entrepreneurial, creative and collaboration skills. Excellent analytical, presentation, project management, interpersonal and communication skills. Ability to travel up to 20% of the time. ;description-section text: Note: By applying to this position your application is automatically submitted to the following locations: Mountain View, CA, USA; New York, NY, USA;description-section text with-benefits: The Emerging Markets Business Development Manager is an integral position on the Nest Pro team focused on driving sales for Nest’s family of smart home products in the electrical industry across the US. The Nest Professional Channel team is a diversified, high-powered, self enabled, and extremely motivated team of business development professionals. Located remotely across North America this team is focused on guiding professional trades to take advantage of Nest’s industry leading smart home technology. Nest is focused on creating the "Thoughtful Home" and we are paving the way for distributors, installers, and builders to enter the smart home space. Nest’s innovative products and leading brand offer channel partners a unique avenue to grow their businesses through differentiation, brand positioning and marketing.  We are looking for someone who understands the potential opportunities that smart and connected products provide electricians, dealers, electrical distributors, and builders, to help them grow their business and take advantage of the growing smart trade. The ideal candidate has a proven track record of actively driving sales impact and influence across the region and established relationships in the electrical industry are a plus. If you love creating your own opportunities and feel like you are ready to work with the leading company in the smart home, then this may be the right team for you. The work: Grow sales of Nest and Works With Nest products within Nest’s Professional channel through the electrical industry including dealers, distributors, builders, and industry partners  Develop and implement a go to market strategy to drive aggressive sales growth and Nest product adoption across the US  Manage and build relationships with electrical channel partners including distribution, dealers, builders, and industry partners  Manage manufacturer’s rep firms across the country to help drive sales growth through distribution  Create and implement sales and marketing programs across the country that drive Nest sales adoption  Identify, recruit, and convert new business through electrical channel distribution and dealers  Explore and create new business opportunities for Nest Pro to continue to expand its electrical channel footprint  Meet with and influence installers, distributors, builders and developers to drive Nest product adoption  Effectively communicate the benefits of Nest’s innovative products and brand through strong presentation skills utilized in trade shows, trainings, and channel partner events  Ability to travel nationally up to 75% Minimum qualifications:  BA/BS degree or equivalent experience  3+ years of previous experience working in a sales or business development role Preferred qualifications: Self starter who is hungry and determined  Experience in the electrical industry with a level of networked relationships  Thrives in a fast paced aggressive sales environment  Ability to effectively collaborate with team members and influence customers while being remote  Strong organizational and time management skills  Experience selling or working with top level executives while also having the ability and desire to relate with trade professionals  Experience working with smart and connected products  Familiarity with Google slides, Google sheets, Google docs, and Gmail 
154	Google	Strategic Partner Lead, Strategic Partnerships, Greater China (English, Chinese Mandarin)	Beijing, China	description-section:  Responsibilities   Leverage insight on technology trends and network of relationships to formulate high impact partnership opportunities that advance Google’s initiatives and relationships in Greater China Develop engagement strategies across all of Google for strategic relationships and act as the primary point of contact/enabler for a select number of strategic partners Become an expert on each partners’ organization, business model, and strategic priorities Influence cross-functional executive decision making, identify/solve problems, and lead partnership explorations/negotiations with partners Foster and manage executive relationships between Google and strategic partners   Qualifications  Minimum qualifications: Bachelor's degree or equivalent practical experience. 6 years of experience in business development, finance, and/or experience in corporate development or strategy roles. Experience working with senior executives. Ability to speak and write English and Chinese Mandarin fluently and idiomatically. Preferred qualifications: Experience formulating company strategy, and developing and closing strategic partnerships A deep understanding of the industry's issues, a vision for its growth, and a commitment to advance Google's forward-looking strategies within the region. Ability to analyze strategic/complex issues and formulate a path for advancement. Ability to operate with enthusiasm and flexibility in a fast-paced, constantly evolving and collaborative environment. Entrepreneurial self-starter with effective analytical, communication, presentation and negotiation skills. ;description-section text: For immediate consideration, please send a text (ASCII), HTML, PDF or DOC version of your resume in English to jobs@google.com. Important: The subject field of your email must include Strategic Partner Lead, Strategic Partnerships, Greater China (English, Chinese Mandarin) - Beijing or Shanghai.Note: By applying to this position your application is automatically submitted to the following locations: Beijing, China; Shanghai, China;description-section text with-benefits: Businesses that partner with Google come in all shapes, sizes and market caps, and no one Google advertising solution works for all. Your knowledge of online media combined with your communication skills and analytical abilities shapes how new and existing business grow. Using your influencing and relationship-building skills, you provide Google-caliber client service, research and market analysis. You anticipate how decisions are made, persistently explore and uncover the business needs of Google's key clients and understand how our range of product offerings can grow their business. Working with them, you set the vision and the strategy for how their advertising can reach thousands of users. The opportunities for Google to enter into high impact collaborations with partners in Greater China are constantly growing. As Strategic Partner Lead on the Strategic Partnerships team, you will have the unique opportunity to build long-lasting relationships with our top partners in the region and jointly explore and execute mutually beneficial partnerships. You will seek to bring the best solutions across Google to partners, and at the same time be the authority on how Google can better serve its users through partnerships.  Within Google’s Global Business and Operations team, the Strategic Partnerships team has the unique mandate of managing our most complex and high profile relationships. The team coordinates across Google’s various product areas as well as technical and commercial teams to ensure consistent and results-driven engagement with strategic partners.  Leveraging your deep understanding of global technology / economic developments, partner-specific knowledge, entrepreneurial nature and intuitive strategic thinking, you will contribute to Google’s strategy in the region by influencing cross-functional executive decision making. You will lead an internal community of stakeholders to inform your perspective and identify areas for engagement. You will be deeply analytical, understand policy and regulatory implications, and be sensitive to underlying shifts in the competitive landscape to be able to solve complex problems. You will work to develop engagement strategies across all of Google for our strategic relationships while at the same time leading and executing high priority product and commercial partnerships. The regional Partner Business Solutions (PBS) teams work directly with large partners to develop monetization strategies for their online content. Our partners represent publishing, entertainment and commerce companies as well as other emerging verticals. We are in a unique and exciting position to shape the digital alignment of marketing and business strategies as our products evolve. We work with Google's broad range of partner solutions including AdSense, DoubleClick Platform Solutions and the Ad Exchange, across mobile, display, and video formats, helping our partners and their audiences get the most out of the web.
155	Nest	Brand Strategist	Palo Alto, CA, United States	description-section:  Responsibilities   Leverage insight on technology trends and network of relationships to formulate high impact partnership opportunities that advance Google’s initiatives and relationships in Greater China Develop engagement strategies across all of Google for strategic relationships and act as the primary point of contact/enabler for a select number of strategic partners Become an expert on each partners’ organization, business model, and strategic priorities Influence cross-functional executive decision making, identify/solve problems, and lead partnership explorations/negotiations with partners Foster and manage executive relationships between Google and strategic partners   Qualifications  Minimum qualifications: Bachelor's degree or equivalent practical experience. 6 years of experience in business development, finance, and/or experience in corporate development or strategy roles. Experience working with senior executives. Ability to speak and write English and Chinese Mandarin fluently and idiomatically. Preferred qualifications: Experience formulating company strategy, and developing and closing strategic partnerships A deep understanding of the industry's issues, a vision for its growth, and a commitment to advance Google's forward-looking strategies within the region. Ability to analyze strategic/complex issues and formulate a path for advancement. Ability to operate with enthusiasm and flexibility in a fast-paced, constantly evolving and collaborative environment. Entrepreneurial self-starter with effective analytical, communication, presentation and negotiation skills. ;description-section text: For immediate consideration, please send a text (ASCII), HTML, PDF or DOC version of your resume in English to jobs@google.com. Important: The subject field of your email must include Strategic Partner Lead, Strategic Partnerships, Greater China (English, Chinese Mandarin) - Beijing or Shanghai.Note: By applying to this position your application is automatically submitted to the following locations: Beijing, China; Shanghai, China;description-section text with-benefits: Nest is looking for a Brand Strategist to join our fast-paced marketing team. We’re seeking a creative minded storyteller who understands people as much as business and brands. You’ll help to connect the dots between our products with compelling consumer insights and strategies that inspire great work from our internal creative team.  The Brand Strategist is a collaborative, creative thinker with great human and business instincts. This isn’t your average agency planning role – you’ll be helping to shape our positioning for Nest products and define messaging across advertising, social, retail, partnerships and more. What are the consumer pain points, key benefits, the naming? We’ll need you to write killer creative briefs for specific projects and also think broadly about how our brand is being presented in the world.  This individual will be directly supporting the Brand Strategy Lead on briefs, product naming and various cross-functional projects for our energy products and services. As part of the marketing team, you’ll work closely with different groups including Product Marketing, Creative, PR, Packaging and Advertising & Engagement. Minimum qualifications: 3+ years of relevant advertising, marketing or product marketing experience Experience working with product and creative teams to drive positioning/messagingPreferred qualifications: Knowledge of business strategy and general marketing theory  Scrappy and hungry approach; willing to do tasks both large and small  Experience working cross-functionally with product development, sales, retail/channel management, etc. to develop and drive strong, integrated marketing campaigns  Experience with product naming (at a branding/naming agency or similar)  Comfort in a fast-paced, changing environment that feels like a start up  Effective oral and written communication skills  A strong passion for our mission and excitement for the Nest brand and products 
156	Google	Product Manager, Google Cloud	Mountain View, CA, United States	description-section:  Responsibilities   Input and define product roadmaps and ensure successful product delivery. Manage specific product lifecycles: define the product roadmap, work closely with the engineering team on feature specifications, represent the voice of the user, and make decisions about implementation and resource trade-offs. Evaluate technologies and identify opportunities to innovate and improve our features and capabilities. Build a strong product narrative which clearly articulates the motivation for the project, goals, and path to success. Drive industry partnerships and relationships, and help to assess opportunities for ecosystem acquisitions.   Qualifications  Minimum qualifications: Bachelor's degree in Computer Science, or a related technical field, or equivalent practical experience. 10 years of experience in a senior product management, engineering and technology strategy role. 10 years of experience with marketing technology product delivery. Experience with partner relationships and interacting with Engineering teams. Preferred qualifications: Product experience with large-scale systems. Entrepreneurial drive, sharp analytical thinking, and demonstrated ability to create a new market category. Comfortable with new technology. Ability to think outside the box to develop and implement creative short-term solutions and long-term strategies. ;description-section text: For immediate consideration, please send a text (ASCII), HTML, PDF or DOC version of your resume in English to jobs@google.com. Important: The subject field of your email must include Strategic Partner Lead, Strategic Partnerships, Greater China (English, Chinese Mandarin) - Beijing or Shanghai.Note: By applying to this position your application is automatically submitted to the following locations: Beijing, China; Shanghai, China;description-section text with-benefits: The Google Cloud Platform team helps customers transform and evolve their business through the use of Google’s global network, web-scale data centers and software infrastructure. As part of an entrepreneurial team in this rapidly growing business, you will help shape the future of businesses of all sizes use technology to connect with customers, employees and partners. At Google, we put our users first. From innovative software products like Gmail, YouTube, Chrome and Street View, to pioneering mobile devices like Android, and offering best-in-class Cloud Data and Analytics, we build products that organize the world's information and make it universally accessible to our users. Google products are the lifeblood of who we are. The Product Management team works closely with our engineers to define product strategy from conception to launch, and with our business partners to generate profitable revenue streams. As part of the Product Management team, you'll bridge technical and business worlds as you design technologies with creative and prolific engineers and then zoom out to lead matrixed teams such as Sales, Marketing and Finance. You have a bias for action and the ability to break down complex problems into steps that drive product development.  As a Product Manager, you'll leverage your technical expertise to identify setbacks and roadblocks within projects. You'll then generate solutions for resolving these issues quickly, while also evaluating feedback from support teams in order to identify product errors and gaps. In addition, you'll work closely with senior Googlers in support of your product.Google Cloud helps millions of employees and organizations empower their employees, serve their customers, and build what’s next for their business — all with technology built in the cloud. Our products are engineered for security, reliability and scalability, running the full stack from infrastructure to applications to devices and hardware. And our teams are dedicated to helping our customers — developers, small and large businesses, educational institutions and government agencies — see the benefits of our technology come to life.
157	Google	Sales Engineer, Google Cloud Platform	Dublin, Ireland	description-section:  Responsibilities   Work with teams to identify and qualify business opportunities, identify key customer technical objections and develop the strategy to resolve technical impediments to transactions. Travel to customer sites, conferences etc. as required. Take responsibility for technical aspects of solutions to include such activities as supporting bid responses, product and solution briefings, proof-of-concept work and the coordination of supporting technical resources. Work hands-on with Google Cloud Platform products to demonstrate and prototype integrations in customer/partner environments. Present, demonstrate and run workshops using G Suite, Chrome and mobility devices to highlight their business value and organizational impact. Prepare and deliver product messaging in an effort to highlight Google Cloud Platform and G Suite value proposition using techniques to include whiteboard and slide presentations, product demonstrations, white papers, trial management and RFI/RFP response documents.   Qualifications  Minimum qualifications:  BA/BS degree in Computer Science or equivalent practical experience. Experience as a Technical Sales Engineer in a cloud computing environment or equivalent experience in a customer-facing role and as a member of a professional services or systems engineering team. Preferred qualifications: Master's degree in Computer Science or other technical field. Experience with Big Data, PaaS, and IaaS technologies. Experience of architecting and developing software or infrastructure for scalable, distributed systems. Understanding of data and information management. Ability to quickly learn, understand and work with new emerging technologies, methodologies, and solutions in the Cloud/IT space. Excellent presentation skills, with the ability to deliver a technical pitch. ;description-section text: For immediate consideration, please send a text (ASCII), HTML, PDF or DOC version of your resume in English to jobs@google.com. Important: The subject field of your email must include Strategic Partner Lead, Strategic Partnerships, Greater China (English, Chinese Mandarin) - Beijing or Shanghai.Note: By applying to this position your application is automatically submitted to the following locations: Beijing, China; Shanghai, China;description-section text with-benefits: The Google Cloud Platform team helps customers transform and evolve their business through the use of Google’s global network, web-scale data centers and software infrastructure. As part of an entrepreneurial team in this rapidly growing business, you will help shape the future of businesses of all sizes use technology to connect with customers, employees and partners. As a Sales Engineer you have excellent technical, communication and organizational skills, and previous experience in cloud platform and infrastructure products, search products, content/document management repository systems and SQL-based relational databases.  You will work hand-in-hand with the Sales team to introduce Google Cloud Platform to our customers and help prospective customers and partners to understand the power of Google Cloud Platform, explaining technical features and problem-solving any potential roadblocks.Google Cloud helps millions of employees and organizations empower their employees, serve their customers, and build what’s next for their business — all with technology built in the cloud. Our products are engineered for security, reliability and scalability, running the full stack from infrastructure to applications to devices and hardware. And our teams are dedicated to helping our customers — developers, small and large businesses, educational institutions and government agencies — see the benefits of our technology come to life.
158	Google	Corporate Operations Engineer	Hyderabad, India	description-section:  Responsibilities   Troubleshoot and solve issues for Google's corporate resources, tools, operating systems and applications both locally and remotely. Work with service owners and customer teams to plan and implement service and application upgrades and changes. Develop solutions to operational and user productivity issues via automation or process improvements. Support IT infrastructure related projects such as server or network upgrades, and office relocations and expansions. Travel occasionally to provide IT support in distributed offices.   Qualifications  Minimum qualifications: BA/BS degree or equivalent practical experience. Experience troubleshooting issues for two or more operating systems, ie. Linux, Mac, Windows desktop environments. Experience troubleshooting with applications and in a networked environment. Preferred qualifications: Experience with scripting languages (i.e. Python). Strong customer service, prioritization, multitasking, and leadership skills. Excellent leadership, communication and organizational skills. Effective customer service, organizational, prioritization, multitasking, communication and leadership skills. ;description-section text: For immediate consideration, please send a text (ASCII), HTML, PDF or DOC version of your resume in English to jobs@google.com. Important: The subject field of your email must include Strategic Partner Lead, Strategic Partnerships, Greater China (English, Chinese Mandarin) - Beijing or Shanghai.Note: By applying to this position your application is automatically submitted to the following locations: Beijing, China; Shanghai, China;description-section text with-benefits: Technical support for a technology company is a big task. As a Corporate Operations Engineer you are the go-to person for Googlers' computer hardware and software needs, providing front line user support for all of Google's internal tools and technologies. You troubleshoot, respond to inquiries and find solutions to technical challenges. Beyond the day-to-day, you improve the Googler user experience by contributing to longer term projects and documentation efforts. You are highly technical and are comfortable problem solving with multiple operating systems (like OS X, Linux, Windows) and a range of devices (including desktops/laptops, phone systems, video conferencing and various wireless devices). You occasionally partner with various teams including security, networking and infrastructure. You're a fast learner and great communicator who can support the IT needs of global offices of all sizes and Googlers of varying technical backgrounds.You improve the front-line user experience by providing on-demand user support for Google's corporate users, resources, tools and applications while also contributing to longer-term projects. Google is and always will be an engineering company. We hire people with a broad set of technical skills who are ready to tackle some of technology's greatest challenges and make an impact on millions, if not billions, of users. At Google, engineers not only revolutionize search, they routinely work on massive scalability and storage solutions, large-scale applications and entirely new platforms for developers around the world. From AdWords to Chrome, Android to YouTube, Social to Local, Google engineers are changing the world one technological achievement after another.
159	Google	Industry Lead, Large Customer Sales	Zürich, Switzerland	description-section:  Responsibilities   Build and develop relationships with C-level and senior-level clients and relevant agency contacts. Develop a deep understanding of the business and marketing strategies and needs of customers, and insights into their consumers’ behaviour. Discover and cultivate new business opportunities and drive business growth. Contribute to the overall business strategy and plan, act as a key part of the Country management team and lead appropriate cross-sector initiatives. Educate and act as a thought-leader to the relevant industries. Advocate for digital, innovation and Google, particularly at targeted events, conferences and media opportunities. Inspire, lead and manage a cross-functional, cross-location team consisting of Industry Managers, Account Managers, Account Optimisers and Industry Analysts. Provide leadership and direction, coaching, guidance, feedback and motivation. Represent Google as an ambassador for community and industry engagement with keynotes, panel discussions and active roles in key associations.   Qualifications  Minimum qualifications: Experience in advanced Stakeholder Management. Experience working in the digital space. Experience in people and project Management. Ability to speak and write in English and German fluently and idiomatically. Preferred qualifications: Commercial/sales experience. Experience managing and cultivating senior client relationships. Demonstrated knowledge of Google’s products and solutions. ;description-section text: For immediate consideration, please send a text (ASCII), HTML, PDF or DOC version of your resume in English to jobs@google.com. Important: The subject field of your email must include Strategic Partner Lead, Strategic Partnerships, Greater China (English, Chinese Mandarin) - Beijing or Shanghai.Note: By applying to this position your application is automatically submitted to the following locations: Beijing, China; Shanghai, China;description-section text with-benefits: Businesses that partner with Google come in all shapes, sizes and market caps, and no one Google advertising solution works for all. Your knowledge of online media combined with your communication skills and analytical abilities shapes how new and existing business grow. Using your influencing and relationship-building skills, you provide Google-caliber client service, research and market analysis. You anticipate how decisions are made, persistently explore and uncover the business needs of Google's key clients and understand how our range of product offerings can grow their business. Working with them, you set the vision and the strategy for how their advertising can reach thousands of users. In this role you will manage a complex portfolio of global clients and brands, which requires collaboration with global business partners internally and externally. You will build and maintain relationships with senior-level clients and relevant agency contacts. You will also promote Google at targeted meetings, events and conferences. Understanding the roles within your team and as a people manager, you will provide team development, guidance, feedback and motivation, developing a deep understanding of the business needs of advertisers and customers. As part of the Swiss leadership team, you will bring your in-depth industry, management and sales experience to this group whilst driving cross-team initiatives.  You'll work with customers to help them make the most of the web and grow their business with Google, while managing the most senior customer relationships in the category. You'll lead a direct team of Industry Managers and Analysts, and an extended virtual team of Account Managers and Programmatic Sales Managers. In addition, you'll work collaboratively to develop the vision and strategy for the pod, inspiring the team and partner teams to deliver. Our Large Customer Sales teams partner closely with many of the world’s biggest advertisers and agencies to develop digital solutions that build strong businesses and brands. We enjoy a bird’s eye view on the massive transformation occurring as advertising shifts to mobile and online platforms. We're uniquely situated to help shape how companies grow their businesses in the digital age. We advise clients on Google's broad range of products across search, video and mobile to help them connect instantly and seamlessly with their audiences.
160	Nest	Retail New Business Development Manager	Palo Alto, CA, United States	description-section:  Responsibilities   Build and develop relationships with C-level and senior-level clients and relevant agency contacts. Develop a deep understanding of the business and marketing strategies and needs of customers, and insights into their consumers’ behaviour. Discover and cultivate new business opportunities and drive business growth. Contribute to the overall business strategy and plan, act as a key part of the Country management team and lead appropriate cross-sector initiatives. Educate and act as a thought-leader to the relevant industries. Advocate for digital, innovation and Google, particularly at targeted events, conferences and media opportunities. Inspire, lead and manage a cross-functional, cross-location team consisting of Industry Managers, Account Managers, Account Optimisers and Industry Analysts. Provide leadership and direction, coaching, guidance, feedback and motivation. Represent Google as an ambassador for community and industry engagement with keynotes, panel discussions and active roles in key associations.   Qualifications  Minimum qualifications: Experience in advanced Stakeholder Management. Experience working in the digital space. Experience in people and project Management. Ability to speak and write in English and German fluently and idiomatically. Preferred qualifications: Commercial/sales experience. Experience managing and cultivating senior client relationships. Demonstrated knowledge of Google’s products and solutions. ;description-section text: For immediate consideration, please send a text (ASCII), HTML, PDF or DOC version of your resume in English to jobs@google.com. Important: The subject field of your email must include Strategic Partner Lead, Strategic Partnerships, Greater China (English, Chinese Mandarin) - Beijing or Shanghai.Note: By applying to this position your application is automatically submitted to the following locations: Beijing, China; Shanghai, China;description-section text with-benefits: Nest is focused on making simple, human, delightful things. Our vision is a home that takes care of the people inside it and the world around it. You can help us bring beautiful and valuable technology into homes by joining our Retail Partner Team.  Nest’s Sales organization is responsible for growing existing business in existing countries as well as building new business with new products and services and in new countries. We stay focused on aligning the highest-level company priorities with strong day-to-day operations, and aim to help grow and scale Nest’s Sales organization for the future.  In this role, you will partner with our Product, Marketing, Finance, Operations, Logistics, Planning, Supply Chain, HR and Legal teams in order to facilitate business initiatives for ongoing business, new product introductions, and determine who our next retail partners could be. Additionally, you will have exposure and visibility to senior executives and cross-functional leaders as you represent the business in regular reviews and help influence others to move your initiatives forward.The work:  Grow retail sales by identifying and activating the right new retail partners across the US  Manage the strategy and execution for new partners and new categories  Negotiate sell through plans, commercial terms, and marketing budgets with new retail partners  Work directly with retail partners as we launch new products  Evaluate channel performance with partners quarterly and find new opportunities to increase sales  Work collaboratively internally to forecast, ensure supply, and develop marketing initiatives  Minimum qualifications:  4+ Years of account management experience  3+ years of commercial negotiation experience  Bachelor's degree or equivalent experience  Ability to travel up to 50% of the time  Location: SF Bay Area  Preferred qualifications:  Exceptional verbal and written communication skills  Experience solving challenging commercials issues  Experience collaborating and communicating with diverse clients at all levels of their business  Experience collaborating with cross-functional teams  Comfortable with data analysis and problem solving  Experience with Tableau, Excel, Salesforce, GSuite, Google Analytics  Fluency in Google Documents (Docs, Sheets, Slides)  Experience working with retail distribution  Understanding of trends and ability to think outside the box  Thrives in a team environment  Enjoys a bit of chaos and is able to sort through it to find solutions 
161	Google	Strategic Partner Lead, Large Partner Solutions (English and Chinese Mandarin)	Shanghai, China	description-section:  Responsibilities   Identify potential new customer opportunities, structure proposals (including offer, pricing, legal and operational implications) working with internal support functions. Provide business optimization recommendations, lead execution and ensure implementation complies with policy. Be the primary point of contact for partners. Create relationships with partners at all levels in the partner organization (including senior executives, key decision makers, direct and indirect sales teams). Maintain a thorough understanding of the partnership solution suite and its competitive advantages by actively monitoring the competitive landscape and providing feedback to product development teams. Develop and execute the partnership strategy on large strategic accounts, including solution selling and developing comprehensive plans for the partners within their portfolio, including growth opportunities identification, action planning, business growth forecast. Manage a book of business, and achieve business growth goals on the partner portfolio. Act as the lead to work collaboratively with cross-functional colleagues to help drive Google's overall business.   Qualifications  Minimum qualifications: Bachelor's degree or equivalent practical experience. Experience making agreements. Ability to speak and write English and Chinese Mandarin fluently and idiomatically. Preferred qualifications: Experience developing and closing strategic partnerships. Ability to work effectively and cross-functionally with all levels of management, both internally and externally Deep understanding of the mobile developer ecosystem Demonstrated understanding of Internet media including mobile spaces, search engines, and online advertising players and business models. Demonstrated knowledge of the China market. A deep understanding of the digital industry's issues, a vision for its growth, and a commitment to advance Google's forward-looking strategies within the marketplace. Ability to effectively think strategically and influence cross-functional teams, such as Legal, Technical Service, Product Development, and Engineering teams to resolve problems and to provide input into new features and products Effective analytical, communication, and presentation skills with the ability to operate with enthusiasm and flexibility in a fast-paced, constantly evolving and collaborative environment. ;description-section text: For immediate consideration, please send a text (ASCII), HTML, PDF or DOC version of your resume in English to jobs@google.com. Important: The subject field of your email must include Strategic Partner Lead, Large Partner Solutions (English and Chinese Mandarin) - Beijing or Shanghai.Note: By applying to this position your application is automatically submitted to the following locations: Shanghai, China; Beijing, China;description-section text with-benefits: Businesses that partner with Google come in all shapes, sizes and market caps, and no one Google advertising solution works for all. Your knowledge of online media combined with your communication skills and analytical abilities shapes how new and existing business grow. Using your influencing and relationship-building skills, you provide Google-caliber client service, research and market analysis. You anticipate how decisions are made, persistently explore and uncover the business needs of Google's key clients and understand how our range of product offerings can grow their business. Working with them, you set the vision and the strategy for how their advertising can reach thousands of users. Large Partner Solutions (LPS) is an organization with a mission to empower partners to thrive. We help large strategic partners to leverage the total Google solution to maximize their business growth. As Strategic Partner Lead, you will act as the lead to drive cross-Google efforts to build, manage and grow strategic partnerships in China. We are looking for sharp, analytical minds that can solve complex problems and develop close working relationships with key partners in digital space. You will be working with the largest partners in the region to create significant impact to online users and industry. Our clients' needs are constantly changing, and so our products need to change with them. The team serves as our expert consultants to our customers, using research and analytics to build long-lasting relationship with our top partners. Our expertise of Google's products and our partners' businesses allow us to identify new opportunities for their growth, launch new products, and expand the impact of our clients' work. You possess strong relationship-building skills and are apt to work effectively with Google's partners, in order to best represent our users, products and programs and drive growth.  You will represent Google at external events to highlight the benefits of working with Google to users, partners, and other industry players. You will be able to meet tight deadlines and work across all levels of an organization. You work with customers and market influencers to establish long-term visions for advertisers, publishers and partners. You partner with the Sales team to set strategic objectives and run the day-to-day operations in the region. Our partners represent mobile and gaming developers, news and publishing, entertainment and media, and e-commerce companies as well as other emerging verticals.  Within Google, you are the primary advocate of your region. You share the opportunities and challenges of the market, and voice the priorities for our products. Within the region, you set transparent objectives, collaborate with your functional counterparts and execute.The regional Partner Business Solutions (PBS) teams work directly with large partners to develop monetization strategies for their online content. Our partners represent publishing, entertainment and commerce companies as well as other emerging verticals. We are in a unique and exciting position to shape the digital alignment of marketing and business strategies as our products evolve. We work with Google's broad range of partner solutions including AdSense, DoubleClick Platform Solutions and the Ad Exchange, across mobile, display, and video formats, helping our partners and their audiences get the most out of the web.
162	Google	Android One Operations Lead, EMEA GTM	London, United Kingdom	description-section:  Responsibilities   Establish workplans across all Google Android device launches; keep cross-functional teams on track in executing towards successful launches Be an evangelist of Google Android -- live and breathe the mission and help drive a common understanding of its importance with internal and external stakeholders Influence and coordinate internal decision-making and prioritization across business, product, and functional areas to enable clear, cohesive engagement plans for top partners Establish best practices and develop infrastructure to scale our ability to launch at greater speed and with higher quality (project management tools, market analysis, partner presentations   Qualifications  Minimum qualifications: Bachelor's degree or equivalent practical experience. Strategic partner management experience.  Preferred qualifications: MBA or equivalent extensive project management experience, with the ability to lead and handle multiple time-sensitive projects. Demonstrated experience leading cross-functional teams. Ability to create structure and drive progress in an ambiguous environment. Ability to serve as an advocate for your product category internally and work collaboratively to identify opportunities or resolve issues. ;description-section text: For immediate consideration, please send a text (ASCII), HTML, PDF or DOC version of your resume in English to jobs@google.com. Important: The subject field of your email must include Strategic Partner Lead, Large Partner Solutions (English and Chinese Mandarin) - Beijing or Shanghai.Note: By applying to this position your application is automatically submitted to the following locations: Shanghai, China; Beijing, China;description-section text with-benefits: Our Global Alliances, Strategy and Operations team leads development of Google's most complex partnerships. In this Product Partnerships role, you will help craft Google’s overall affiliate strategy and work with internal product teams, aligning our partnerships with business objectives. This includes analyzing partnership relationships, conducting competitive assessments and coordinating with multiple product teams including Chrome, Social, Knowledge, Android and YouTube. Android One -- a clean easy-to-use UI, monthly security updates, always on the latest letter upgrade, and G Suite fully integrated front-and-center. With Pixel setting the example for this experience as a Google-made device for the premium space, this team is seeking to drive Google’s version of Android at scale amongst our partner ecosystem.  In this role, you will work across marketing, business development, and partner engineering to engage with our partner ecosystem to bring devices to market. These partners will be launching their own devices using our brand, so go-to-market readiness is critical.  As the Go-to-Market Operations Lead, you will have the responsibility for each new device launch. You will work with a cross-functional team to ensure the device meets technical requirements, offers a great user experience, has proper marketing support, comes with the right set of localized promotions, has the right PR/launch event, and that all these things align with the global project priorities. You will engage with both internal and external stakeholders on a very regular basis. At Google, we set ourselves goals we know we can't reach yet. Our New Business Development team works on game-changing ideas, from technological experiments to the expansion of existing businesses into new territories. We're a team of technologists, entrepreneurs and leaders with an eye for what's next, working across Google to develop products and ideas that revolutionize the way people connect with information.
163	Google	Software Engineer, Site Reliability, University Graduate	Mountain View, CA, United States	description-section:  Responsibilities   Specific responsibilities vary by project area.   Qualifications  Minimum qualifications: Bachelor's degree in Computer Science or related technical field, or equivalent practical experience. Experience with data structures, branching, function-calls, and conditionals as well as debugging code and submitting fixes. Experience in writing code fixes and tools to solve problems in C, C++, C#, Java, JavaScript, Go or Python (e.g., removing duplicate elements from a list) and experience with code for stability, functionality and scalability (e.g., crawling, search, troubleshooting). Experience or previous project assignments with Data Structures and Algorithms (i.e. selecting and implementing an algorithm, using data structures to solve a problem.) Experience with algorithms that improve a product’s capabilities, speed, efficiency, or reliability. Preferred qualifications: Previous tech internships or relevant work experience programming in C, C++, C#, Java, JavaScript, Go or Python. Experience developing thorough testing solutions across testing layers (e.g., unit, functional, integration, stress testing) for your code, using one or more of the following: C, C++, C#, Java, JavaScript, Go, or Python. Experience manipulating code to improve system availability and latency; Experience with improving inventing or proving the value of new algorithms that improve a product's capabilities, speed, efficiency and reliability. Demonstrated experience programming in two or more of the above languages: C, C++, C#, Java, JavaScript, Go or Python. Skill in isolating problems to a database subsystem. ;description-section text: For immediate consideration, please send a text (ASCII), HTML, PDF or DOC version of your resume in English to jobs@google.com. Important: The subject field of your email must include Strategic Partner Lead, Large Partner Solutions (English and Chinese Mandarin) - Beijing or Shanghai.Note: By applying to this position your application is automatically submitted to the following locations: Shanghai, China; Beijing, China;description-section text with-benefits: Google's software engineers develop the next-generation technologies that change how billions of users connect, explore, and interact with information and one another. Our products need to handle information at massive scale, and extend well beyond web search. We're looking for engineers who bring fresh ideas from all areas, including information retrieval, distributed computing, large-scale system design, networking and data storage, security, artificial intelligence, natural language processing, UI design and mobile; the list goes on and is growing every day. As a Software Engineer, you will work on a specific project critical to Google’s needs with opportunities to switch teams and projects as you and our fast-paced business grow and evolve. We need our engineers to be versatile, display leadership qualities and be enthusiastic to tackle new problems across the full-stack as we continue to push technology forward. As a key member of a small and versatile team, you design, test, deploy and maintain software solutions. Google is and always will be an engineering company. We hire people with a broad set of technical skills who are ready to take on some of technology's greatest challenges and make an impact on millions, if not billions, of users. At Google, engineers not only revolutionize search, they routinely work on massive scalability and storage solutions, large-scale applications and entirely new platforms for developers around the world. From AdWords to Chrome, Android to YouTube, Social to Local, Google engineers are changing the world one technological achievement after another.
164	Nest	Software Engineer, Tools & Infrastructure - Nest Services	Palo Alto, CA, United States	description-section:  Responsibilities   Specific responsibilities vary by project area.   Qualifications  Minimum qualifications: Bachelor's degree in Computer Science or related technical field, or equivalent practical experience. Experience with data structures, branching, function-calls, and conditionals as well as debugging code and submitting fixes. Experience in writing code fixes and tools to solve problems in C, C++, C#, Java, JavaScript, Go or Python (e.g., removing duplicate elements from a list) and experience with code for stability, functionality and scalability (e.g., crawling, search, troubleshooting). Experience or previous project assignments with Data Structures and Algorithms (i.e. selecting and implementing an algorithm, using data structures to solve a problem.) Experience with algorithms that improve a product’s capabilities, speed, efficiency, or reliability. Preferred qualifications: Previous tech internships or relevant work experience programming in C, C++, C#, Java, JavaScript, Go or Python. Experience developing thorough testing solutions across testing layers (e.g., unit, functional, integration, stress testing) for your code, using one or more of the following: C, C++, C#, Java, JavaScript, Go, or Python. Experience manipulating code to improve system availability and latency; Experience with improving inventing or proving the value of new algorithms that improve a product's capabilities, speed, efficiency and reliability. Demonstrated experience programming in two or more of the above languages: C, C++, C#, Java, JavaScript, Go or Python. Skill in isolating problems to a database subsystem. ;description-section text: For immediate consideration, please send a text (ASCII), HTML, PDF or DOC version of your resume in English to jobs@google.com. Important: The subject field of your email must include Strategic Partner Lead, Large Partner Solutions (English and Chinese Mandarin) - Beijing or Shanghai.Note: By applying to this position your application is automatically submitted to the following locations: Shanghai, China; Beijing, China;description-section text with-benefits:  Are you passionate about applying technologies that make an impact? At Nest you'll have the opportunity to shape the consumer electronics business, join a world class engineering team, and help revolutionize the next unloved device in our homes. You'll be building the infrastructure and protocols that drive the expanding Nest ecosystem and create the thoughtful home.  Nest’s Integration Engineering team is looking for experienced engineers for the next Nest product to develop test suites, automation infrastructure, tools and fixtures to ensure we have the highest quality devices for our customers. Engineers in the role will have the opportunity to gain a breadth of understanding about sensors, embedded platforms, machine learning and communications.  The work:  Analyze and debug an embedded software system and design a strategy to test this system  Understand user behavior and develop test infrastructure that factor environmental and manufacturing tolerances  Develop test suites, frameworks and tools to validate Nest software features and increase their velocity  Collaborate with senior engineers through the entire software development lifecycle to solve complex engineering problems in tools and testing  Contribute towards test automation, infrastructure development and test development  Minimum qualifications:  A bachelor’s degree in Computer Science, Computer Engineering or equivalent practical experience  2+ years experience in a QA, Continuous Integration, or similar role  2+ years in testing and debugging  2+ years experience with software application testing and test automation  2+ years experience with UNIX/Linux/OS X  2+ years experience with Python or C/C++  Preferred qualifications:  Demonstrate good coding style and practices  Detail oriented and able to work independently  Understanding of sensor technologies, filtering/sensing algorithms and validation techniques  Comfortable working with low-power embedded applications  Experience with debugging tools and techniques  4+ years of experience in testing, UNIX/Linux/OS X and Python preferred 
165	Google	Agency Business Development Lead, Measurement and Attribution	Singapore	description-section:  Responsibilities   Shape the agency vision and plan to secure Google as a trusted and dependable Measurement and Attribution partner to advance their business growth in this important area. Advise and consult on best practice adoption and utilization of Google’s Measurement and Attribution solutions through custom designed enablement programs, incentives, experiments, training and process improvements. Establish processes and metrics to ensure Measurement and Attribution plans are tracked and monitored both internally and externally, and to ensure progress has been made. Devise experiments and test cases with agencies and Google's Marketing Insights team to demonstrate consistently how Google’s media solutions deliver consistently higher business growth. Partner with Marketing Insights to collaborate on a calendar of larger scale insights programs that deepen agency relationships and elevate Google’s position in the marketplace. Influence Google product teams to build for the agency channel based on deep insights coupled with commercial rationale.   Qualifications  Minimum qualifications: 8 years of experience with web analytics and attribution tools (e.g. Google Analytics, other web analytics tools or attribution vendor solutions). Preferred qualifications: Great listener and partnership builder with proven ability to lead complex operational and strategic cross-functional initiatives. Proven Sales and Business Development track record. Ability to deliver results under pressure while handling uncertainty and ambiguity. Demonstrated ability to influence senior internal and external decision makers using consultative sales skills with C-levels and building strong client relationships. Ability to roll sleeves up and analyze complex data through tools such as Google AdWords and Google Analytics. Strong product solutioning expertise with deep understanding of the evolving data, analytics and cloud space [i.e., Google Analytics 360 or Adobe]. Industry thought leader in the area of data and analytics. Excellent organizational, communication and influencing skills, with robust narrative creation, project management and presentation capability. ;description-section text: For immediate consideration, please send a text (ASCII), HTML, PDF or DOC version of your resume in English to jobs@google.com. Important: The subject field of your email must include Strategic Partner Lead, Large Partner Solutions (English and Chinese Mandarin) - Beijing or Shanghai.Note: By applying to this position your application is automatically submitted to the following locations: Shanghai, China; Beijing, China;description-section text with-benefits: Businesses that partner with Google come in all shapes, sizes and market caps, and no one Google advertising solution works for all. Your knowledge of online media combined with your communication skills and analytical abilities shapes how new and existing business grow. Using your influencing and relationship-building skills, you provide Google-caliber client service, research and market analysis. You anticipate how decisions are made, persistently explore and uncover the business needs of Google's key clients and understand how our range of product offerings can grow their business. Working with them, you set the vision and the strategy for how their advertising can reach thousands of users. As the Agency Business Development Lead for Measurement & Attribution, you will join our regional APAC Agency Business team and be the go-to person for helping our agencies address their first and third party measurement and attribution challenges. This is a senior customer-facing position that requires exceptional analytical and problem solving skills as well as comfort working in an environment with high ambiguity. You are a respected industry leader in the analytics and measurement space having pioneered and driven high impact programs with agencies in some or all of the areas of econometrics, attribution modeling, TV attribution or multi-variant testing. In this role, you will work with some of the world’s largest agency holding groups and their research and data practices to help them to transform their marketing and business decision-making to create value for their clients by evolving their attribution and measurement offering.  You will be comfortable in formulating entirely new solutions and methodologies to demonstrate the advantages of rethinking their business models, and will help them to set strategic directions by using new methodologies traversing the online, offline and cross device worlds. You will export your experience and build trusted partnerships that create value to them and their client’s business, whilst enhancing Google’s reputation in the industry. This role is a unique opportunity to be a highly visible business partner in an entrepreneurial team based in Google’s regional headquarters.Our Large Customer Sales teams partner closely with many of the world’s biggest advertisers and agencies to develop digital solutions that build strong businesses and brands. We enjoy a bird’s eye view on the massive transformation occurring as advertising shifts to mobile and online platforms. We're uniquely situated to help shape how companies grow their businesses in the digital age. We advise clients on Google's broad range of products across search, video and mobile to help them connect instantly and seamlessly with their audiences.
166	Google	Customer Engineer Manager, Google Cloud	Singapore	description-section:  Responsibilities   Hire, coach and drive a high performance team to deliver against assigned goals while prioritizing an outstanding customer experience to customers and prospects. Work with the team to create activities (e.g. identifying and handling key customer technical questions and objections) in order to develop strategies, resolve technical impediments and scope out migration workloads. Be responsible for technical aspects of solutions to include such activities as managing product and solution briefings, proof-of-concept work, and the coordination of supporting technical resources. Prepare and deliver product messaging in an effort to highlight Google Cloud Platform value proposition using techniques to include whiteboard and slide presentations, product demonstrations, white papers, trial management and documents. Make recommendations on integration strategies, enterprise architectures, platforms and the application infrastructure required to successfully implement a complete solution providing best practice advice to customers to optimize Google Cloud Platform effectiveness.   Qualifications  Minimum qualifications: BA/BS degree in Computer Science or related technical field or equivalent practical experience. 10 years of experience serving in the capacity of a technical sales engineer in a cloud computing environment or equivalent experience in a customer facing role (including working as a member of a professional services or systems engineering team). Experience with managing and developing teams.  Preferred qualifications: Master's degree in Computer Science or MBA degree. Demonstrated knowledge of solution architecture within web and mobile environment. Knowledge of web/internet related technologies, architecture across SAAS, PAAS and IAAS and cloud productivity suites. Knowledge of Google Cloud products (G Suite, Google Cloud Platform). Proven ability to inspire and grow teams to their full potential in a sales environment across cross-functional teams to achieve common business objectives. Ability to operate with enthusiasm and flexibility in a fast-paced, constantly evolving team environment. Ability to effectively present to both technical and non-technical audiences. Ability to quickly learn, understand, and work with new emerging technologies, methodologies, and solutions in the cloud/IT technology space. Excellent analytical, project management and organizational skills. ;description-section text: For immediate consideration, please send a text (ASCII), HTML, PDF or DOC version of your resume in English to jobs@google.com. Important: The subject field of your email must include Strategic Partner Lead, Large Partner Solutions (English and Chinese Mandarin) - Beijing or Shanghai.Note: By applying to this position your application is automatically submitted to the following locations: Shanghai, China; Beijing, China;description-section text with-benefits: When leading companies choose Google Cloud it's a huge win for spreading the power of cloud computing globally. Once educational institutions, government agencies, and other businesses sign on to use Google Cloud products, you come in to facilitate making their work more productive, mobile, and collaborative. You assist fellow sales Googlers by problem-solving key technical issues for our customers. You liaise with the product marketing management and engineering teams to stay on top of industry trends and devise enhancements to Google Cloud products. As a Customer Engineer Manager, you will lead a team of customer engineers who engage with sales prospects and channel partners to understand and assess customer requirements, prepare and present demonstrations of Google’s Cloud technologies, and address and overcome technical objections that arise throughout the sales process. You will also lead efforts to drive solution innovation, working across the organization to identify the assets and tools to drive customer adoption.Google Cloud helps millions of employees and organizations empower their employees, serve their customers, and build what’s next for their business — all with technology built in the cloud. Our products are engineered for security, reliability and scalability, running the full stack from infrastructure to applications to devices and hardware. And our teams are dedicated to helping our customers — developers, small and large businesses, educational institutions and government agencies — see the benefits of our technology come to life.
167	Google	Strategic Partner Lead, Large Partner Solutions (English, Chinese Mandarin)	Xinyi District, Taiwan	description-section:  Responsibilities   Collaborate with the leadership team to define partnership strategies for Taiwan. Develop and execute the partnership strategy on large strategic accounts, including solution selling and developing comprehensive plans for the partners within their portfolio, including growth opportunities identification, action planning, business growth forecast. Manage a book of business and achieve business growth goals on partner portfolio. Act as the lead to work collaboratively with cross-functional colleagues to help drive Google's overall business. Identify potential new customer opportunities, structure proposals (including offer, legal and operational implications) working with internal support functions. Provide business optimization recommendations, lead execution and ensure implementation complies with policy. Be the primary point of contact for partners. Create relationships with partners at all levels in the partner organization (including senior executives, key decision makers, direct and indirect sales teams). Maintain a thorough understanding of the partnership solution suite and its competitive advantages by actively monitoring the competitive landscape and providing feedback to product development teams.   Qualifications  Minimum qualifications: Bachelor's degree or equivalent practical experience. 5 years of experience in digital media and advertising or mobile developers ecosystem or enterprise technology sales. Experience in developing partnerships and business agreements. Ability to speak and write English and Chinese Mandarin fluently and idiomatically. Preferred qualifications: Experience developing and maintaining strategic partnerships. Ability to work effectively and cross-functionally with all levels of management, both internally and externally. Demonstrated understanding of Internet media including mobile spaces, search engines, and online advertising players and business models. Demonstrated knowledge of the Taiwan market. A deep understanding of the digital industry's issues, a vision for its growth, and a commitment to advance Google's forward-looking strategies within the marketplace. Ability to effectively think strategically and influence cross-functional teams, such as Legal, Technical Service, Product Development, and Engineering teams to resolve problems and to provide input into new features and products Effective analytical, communication, and presentation skills with the ability to operate with enthusiasm and flexibility in a fast-paced, constantly evolving and collaborative environment. ;description-section text: For immediate consideration, please send a text (ASCII), HTML, PDF or DOC version of your resume in English to jobs@google.com. Important: The subject field of your email must include Strategic Partner Lead, Large Partner Solutions (English and Chinese Mandarin) - Beijing or Shanghai.Note: By applying to this position your application is automatically submitted to the following locations: Shanghai, China; Beijing, China;description-section text with-benefits: Businesses that partner with Google come in all shapes, sizes and market caps, and no one Google advertising solution works for all. Your knowledge of online media combined with your communication skills and analytical abilities shapes how new and existing business grow. Using your influencing and relationship-building skills, you provide Google-caliber client service, research and market analysis. You anticipate how decisions are made, persistently explore and uncover the business needs of Google's key clients and understand how our range of product offerings can grow their business. Working with them, you set the vision and the strategy for how their advertising can reach thousands of users. Large Partner Solutions (LPS) is an organization with a mission to empower partners to thrive. We help large strategic partners to leverage the total Google solution to maximize their business growth. As Strategic Partner Lead, you will act as the lead to drive cross-Google efforts to build, manage and grow strategic partnerships in Taiwan. We are looking for sharp, analytical minds that can solve complex problems and develop close working relationships with key partners in digital space. You will be working with the largest partners in the region to create significant impact to online users and industry. Our clients' needs are constantly changing, and so our products need to change with them. The team serves as our expert consultants to our customers, using research and analytics to build long-lasting relationship with our top partners. Our expertise of Google's products and our partners' businesses allow us to identify new opportunities for their growth, launch new products, and expand the impact of our clients' work. You possess strong relationship-building skills and are apt to work effectively with Google's partners, in order to best represent our users, products and programs and drive growth.  You will represent Google at external events to highlight the benefits of working with Google to users, partners, and other industry players. You will be able to meet tight deadlines and work across all levels of an organization. You work with customers and market influencers to establish long-term visions for advertisers, publishers and partners. You partner with the Sales team to set strategic objectives and run the day-to-day operations in the region. Our partners represent mobile and gaming developers, news and publishing, entertainment and media, and e-commerce companies as well as other emerging verticals.  Within Google, you are the primary advocate of your region. You share the opportunities and challenges of the market, and voice the priorities for our products. Within the region, you set transparent objectives, collaborate with your functional counterparts and execute.The regional Partner Business Solutions (PBS) teams work directly with large partners to develop monetization strategies for their online content. Our partners represent publishing, entertainment and commerce companies as well as other emerging verticals. We are in a unique and exciting position to shape the digital alignment of marketing and business strategies as our products evolve. We work with Google's broad range of partner solutions including AdSense, DoubleClick Platform Solutions and the Ad Exchange, across mobile, display, and video formats, helping our partners and their audiences get the most out of the web.
168	Google	Head of Strategy and Operations, Global Ads Marketing	Mountain View, CA, United States	description-section:  Responsibilities   Lead annual and quarterly business planning globally. Manage day-to-day business operations (e.g., resource allocation, management meetings). Write executive communication and presentations across Global Ads Marketing. Conduct business analytics to support Global Ads Marketing strategy. Identify and develop key marketing operations processes to improve overall organizational efficiency and effectiveness.   Qualifications  Minimum qualifications: BA/BS degree or equivalent practical experience. 8 years of experience in developing strategy for marketing organizations or strategy consulting firms. Preferred qualifications: MBA or other advanced degree. Team management experience. Ability to communicate insights from complex data and distill into a meaningful and coherent story. Tolerance for ambiguity and ability to work in a fast-changing environment, with an entrepreneurial approach. Excellent business sense, problem solving, project management and analytical skills. Demonstrated written and visual presentation skills. Excellent oral communication skills with peers, management, and cross-functional teams. ;description-section text: For immediate consideration, please send a text (ASCII), HTML, PDF or DOC version of your resume in English to jobs@google.com. Important: The subject field of your email must include Strategic Partner Lead, Large Partner Solutions (English and Chinese Mandarin) - Beijing or Shanghai.Note: By applying to this position your application is automatically submitted to the following locations: Shanghai, China; Beijing, China;description-section text with-benefits: Whether you're on a consumer product (like Gmail, Search, Maps, Chrome, Android) or a business product (AdWords, AdSense, DoubleClick, Analytics), you take part in a complete marketing experience as you lead every facet of the product's journey. From determining positioning, naming, competitive analysis, feature prioritization and external communications, you help shape the voice of the product and help it grow a loyal consumer base. This means you work with a cross-functional team across sales, corporate communications, legal, webmasters, product development, engineering and more. In this role, you'll be involved with product marketing strategy from beginning to end. As the Head of Strategy and Operations for Global Ads Marketing, you are a business thinker who will partner with the VP of Ads Marketing in driving global marketing strategy and planning/managing the operating rhythm of a global marketing organization, and writing executive communication and presentations.  In this role you will serve as day-to-day liaison with key partners in Finance, HR, People Operations, and Sales as well as being an advisor to VP and other marketing leaders. This role will provide you with the opportunity to define and build strategic and operational processes across a high growth, global team. Know the user. Know the magic. Connect the two. At its core, marketing at Google starts with technology and ends with the user, bringing both together in unconventional ways. Our job is to demonstrate how Google's products solve the world's problems--from the everyday to the epic, from the mundane to the monumental. And we approach marketing in a way that only Google can--changing the game, redefining the medium, making the user the priority, and ultimately, letting the technology speak for itself.
169	Google	System on a Chip (SoC) Performance Architect, Consumer Hardware	Xinyi District, Taiwan	description-section:  Responsibilities   Perform pre-silicon performance simulation and post-silicon validation. Communicate the analysis results in both qualitative and quantitative fashion effectively. Write code to develop simulators and architectural models of various subsystems within a SoC to evaluate interactive workloads. Participate in architectural design and evaluation of future SoC designs. Create scripts and tools to automate test suites and improve the efficiency of functional and performance simulator.   Qualifications  Minimum qualifications: MS degree in Electrical Engineering, Computer Science or equivalent practical experience. Experience with C or C++ Experience in SoC architecture performance analysis, tools, and simulators at different abstraction levels (Cycle Accurate, TLM, and/or Functional) Preferred qualifications: PhD degree in Computer Science, Electrical Engineering or related field or 5 years of industry experience. Experience analyzing workloads on mobile devices/SoCs and knowledge of hardware performance monitors or profiling. Experience bringing up full software stacks including Android/ChromeOS, drivers, applications, and application automation (test drivers). Proficient in a scripting language. Experience designing/implementing or validating RTL for CPU, GPU, Fabric, Memory, Caches, Camera, Video, Display Domain knowledge in one or more of these areas: CPU, GPU, Fabric, Memory, Camera, Video, Display or Security. Knowledge of OS, Firmware, software stack, OpenGL, OpenCL, Java and Codec. ;description-section text: For immediate consideration, please send a text (ASCII), HTML, PDF or DOC version of your resume in English to jobs@google.com. Important: The subject field of your email must include Strategic Partner Lead, Large Partner Solutions (English and Chinese Mandarin) - Beijing or Shanghai.Note: By applying to this position your application is automatically submitted to the following locations: Shanghai, China; Beijing, China;description-section text with-benefits: Google engineers develop the next-generation technologies that change how users connect, explore, and interact with information and one another. As a member of an extraordinarily creative, motivated and talented team, you develop new products that are used by millions of people. We need our engineers to be versatile and passionate to take on new problems as we continue to push technology forward. If you get excited about building new things and working across discipline lines, then our team might be your next career step. You will collaborate with software and hardware architects to explore SoC performance and power trade-offs. Your key responsibilities will be developing and building new tools and methodologies for analyzing and improving SoC designs for consumer-oriented devices in a pre-silicon environment. You will use simulation, emulation, and hardware profiling to build compelling analysis of new SoC designs. As part of this work, you will participate in the development of best-in-class technology in compute, media, fabric, memory, etc., and filing associated patents.Google's mission is to organize the world's information and make it universally accessible and useful. Our Hardware team researches, designs, and develops new technologies and hardware to make our user's interaction with computing faster, more powerful, and seamless. Whether finding new ways to capture and sense the world around us, advancing form factors, or improving interaction methods, our Hardware team is making people's lives better through technology.
170	Nest	Technical Program Manager - Nest Solutions + Services	Palo Alto, CA, United States	description-section:  Responsibilities   Perform pre-silicon performance simulation and post-silicon validation. Communicate the analysis results in both qualitative and quantitative fashion effectively. Write code to develop simulators and architectural models of various subsystems within a SoC to evaluate interactive workloads. Participate in architectural design and evaluation of future SoC designs. Create scripts and tools to automate test suites and improve the efficiency of functional and performance simulator.   Qualifications  Minimum qualifications: MS degree in Electrical Engineering, Computer Science or equivalent practical experience. Experience with C or C++ Experience in SoC architecture performance analysis, tools, and simulators at different abstraction levels (Cycle Accurate, TLM, and/or Functional) Preferred qualifications: PhD degree in Computer Science, Electrical Engineering or related field or 5 years of industry experience. Experience analyzing workloads on mobile devices/SoCs and knowledge of hardware performance monitors or profiling. Experience bringing up full software stacks including Android/ChromeOS, drivers, applications, and application automation (test drivers). Proficient in a scripting language. Experience designing/implementing or validating RTL for CPU, GPU, Fabric, Memory, Caches, Camera, Video, Display Domain knowledge in one or more of these areas: CPU, GPU, Fabric, Memory, Camera, Video, Display or Security. Knowledge of OS, Firmware, software stack, OpenGL, OpenCL, Java and Codec. ;description-section text: For immediate consideration, please send a text (ASCII), HTML, PDF or DOC version of your resume in English to jobs@google.com. Important: The subject field of your email must include Strategic Partner Lead, Large Partner Solutions (English and Chinese Mandarin) - Beijing or Shanghai.Note: By applying to this position your application is automatically submitted to the following locations: Shanghai, China; Beijing, China;description-section text with-benefits: The Nest Solutions + Services group designs, ships and nurtures end-to-end, intuitive and thoughtful home solutions that help and empower people, bring families closer together, and help them be better citizens. Nest is looking for a Technical Program Manager to coordinate all program and engineering efforts to ship these quality solutions and services.  This role requires working with product and engineering managers across the company to understand product requirements and timelines. This position involves regular communication with senior management on engineering progress, risks and mitigation strategies, and deliverables, from concept to landing. The ability to work with technical teams and project management skills are essential. Our environment is fast-paced and requires a candidate who is flexible, thrives in ambiguity, and can drive results across multiple teams simultaneously.The work:  Own all aspects of coordinating cross-functional efforts to deliver on product launch milestones for Nest solutions + services including software updates, app releases, cloud services updates, field trials, localization, testing, and go-to-market  Evaluate progress and communicate program status, risks, and next steps to internal stakeholder teams  Evaluate and improve processes and documentation for efficient collaboration with cross-functional teams  Facilitate seamless, easy communication within teams and throughout the org  Minimum qualifications:  BS/BA degree or equivalent  6 years of experience in program management, project management and/or technical partner management/operations  Strong multidisciplinary, technical background; Engineering/CS degree or equivalent experience  Preferred qualifications:  Demonstrated ability to juggle multiple priorities and projects simultaneously and to adapt to changing environments  Excellent oral/written communication, interpersonal, and people skills  Impeccable organizational, multi-tasking, prioritization, tracking and task management skills  Fanatic about the details and strong sense of ownership  Proactively remove program obstacles, and willingness to go above and beyond to chase down loose ends that lead to successful product delivery  Experience and proven ability to talk about technical things with business people and business things with technical people  Hands on experience shipping software solutions and go-to-market program management, while fostering respectful, productive working relationships  Passion for connected home products, innovation and delightful user experience  Thrives in a highly collaborative, fast-paced, self-starting environment with rapid development cycles  Creative problem solver  Experience in consumer web products  Familiarity with front-end (JavaScript, HTML5, CSS3/SCSS, AJAX, etc), back-end (Ruby, Python, Middleman, Yeoman, etc), cloud services, Agile methodology, machine learning, and Google technical infrastructure 
171	Google	Innovation (Research) Specialist	Mountain View, CA, United States	description-section:  Responsibilities   Inform the yearly research strategy for the Executive Development team. Influence program curriculum and offerings, bringing findings into leadership development experiences, refining the Executive Development research methodology over time. Run research studies end-to-end, including scoping research questions, executing research (both quantitative and qualitative) and packaging results. Curate research findings in unique and provocative ways (white papers, podcasts, etc.). Partner with other research groups at Google to amplify insights across efforts. Bring thought leadership to others across the People Operations community; present research findings to Google’s most senior leaders and to external audiences. Build an annual thought conference from scratch. Leverage creativity, curiosity, and collaboration to investigate undiscovered territory.   Qualifications  Minimum qualifications: Master's degree in a social science field (Anthropology, Liberal Arts, Sociology), or equivalent practical experience. 8 years of relevant experience, particularly in a thought leadership or research role. Experience designing and delivering keynote addresses to executive audiences. Qualitative and quantitative research experience. Preferred qualifications: High-level of critical thinking. Proven ability to make research findings practical and useful. Background in innovation, futurist methods, or other non-traditional research disciplines. Marketing, writing, and/or graphic design background. Demonstrated success in a fast-paced, dynamic work environment. Background in leadership development theory. ;description-section text: Note: By applying to this position your application is automatically submitted to the following locations: Mountain View, CA, USA; San Francisco, CA, USA; Boulder, CO, USA; New York, NY, USA;description-section text with-benefits: Our PeopleDev team works hard to ensure every Googler has access to the resources they need to become their best personal and professional selves. We leverage tools, technology, and innovative formats to scale learning and support Googlers at all stages of their careers — from Noogler Orientation, to manager training, to leadership development, and more. We have four key beliefs about learning — that it is personal, social, a process, and happens in real life — and we infuse these beliefs throughout the wide array of learning and development opportunities at Google. As a PeopleDev team member, you'll always be thinking about new ways to help others grow, and you share a passion for empowering Googlers to unlock their full potential. As a Innovation (Research) Specialist, you’ll conduct studies from inception to completion. This role requires taking on multiple perspectives, refined systems thinking and the ability to make sense out of complex inputs. You have strong understanding of how to translate research findings into practical application. This is not a traditional research job; you will be using a new methodology that is highly qualitative in nature and leverages futurist tools.Great just isn't good enough for our People Operations team (you probably know us better as "Human Resources"). Made up of equal parts HR professionals, former consultants and analysts, we're the champions of Google's colorful culture. In People Ops, we "find them, grow them, and keep them" - we bring the world's most innovative people to Google and provide the programs that help them thrive. Whether recruiting the next great Googler, refining our core programs, developing talent or simply looking for ways to inject some more fun into the lives of our Googlers, we bring a data-driven approach that is reinventing the human resources field.
172	Google	Technical Program Manager, Data Center Deployments	Dublin, Ireland	description-section:  Responsibilities   Drive a number of network infrastructure programs, most occurring simultaneously, to completion. Bring technical experts together in order to communicate and help craft solutions. Manage and nurture relationships between cross-functional teams. Develop cross-team roles, expectations and responsibilities. Identify process and communications breakdowns, while developing and driving solutions to remedy the issues. Manage process development and iterative optimizations. Create and maintain master schedules, budgets, BoMs and related factors.   Qualifications  Minimum qualifications: BA/BS degree or equivalent practical experience. Project management experience. Preferred qualifications: Experience within complex organizational settings (e.g., PMO, geographic dispersion, etc.). Data Center operational experience. Familiarity with supply chain and logistics concepts. Excellent analytical, quantitative and presentation skills. Strong foundational knowledge in data networking architectures and physical network components. ;description-section text: Note: By applying to this position your application is automatically submitted to the following locations: Mountain View, CA, USA; San Francisco, CA, USA; Boulder, CO, USA; New York, NY, USA;description-section text with-benefits: Google's projects, like our users, span the globe and require managers to keep the big picture in focus while being able to dive into the unique engineering challenges we face daily. As a Technical Program Manager at Google, you lead complex, multi-disciplinary engineering projects using your engineering expertise. You plan requirements with internal customers and usher projects through the entire project lifecycle. This includes managing project schedules, identifying risks and clearly communicating them to project stakeholders. You're equally at home explaining your team's analyses and recommendations to executives as you are discussing the technical trade-offs in product development with engineers. As a Data Center Deployment Program Manager, you will be responsible for overseeing major deployment programs while working with partner groups to create and achieve strategic business goals. Your objective will be to organize the overall team, establish clear roles and responsibilities, and create a high-level workflow plan while developing and managing the master schedule.  Among your many attributes you have a technical background in infrastructure, capacity planning, servers, networks and experience with data center operations. You possess excellent communication and presentation skills at the senior level as well as the ability to work closely and constructively with all areas of the business. Behind everything our users see online is the architecture built by the Technical Infrastructure team to keep it running. From developing and maintaining our data centers to building the next generation of Google platforms, we make Google's product portfolio possible. We're proud to be our engineers' engineers and love voiding warranties by taking things apart so we can rebuild them. We're always on call to keep our networks up and running, ensuring our users have the best and fastest experience possible.
173	Nest	Technical Sourcer (Contract)	Palo Alto, CA, United States	description-section:  Responsibilities   Drive a number of network infrastructure programs, most occurring simultaneously, to completion. Bring technical experts together in order to communicate and help craft solutions. Manage and nurture relationships between cross-functional teams. Develop cross-team roles, expectations and responsibilities. Identify process and communications breakdowns, while developing and driving solutions to remedy the issues. Manage process development and iterative optimizations. Create and maintain master schedules, budgets, BoMs and related factors.   Qualifications  Minimum qualifications: BA/BS degree or equivalent practical experience. Project management experience. Preferred qualifications: Experience within complex organizational settings (e.g., PMO, geographic dispersion, etc.). Data Center operational experience. Familiarity with supply chain and logistics concepts. Excellent analytical, quantitative and presentation skills. Strong foundational knowledge in data networking architectures and physical network components. ;description-section text: Note: By applying to this position your application is automatically submitted to the following locations: Mountain View, CA, USA; San Francisco, CA, USA; Boulder, CO, USA; New York, NY, USA;description-section text with-benefits: As part of our small and growing recruiting team, you’ll partner with recruiters and hiring managers to identify the best talent in the world. You'll be a frontline ambassador for Nest and ensure a great candidate experience whether it's the initial call, updates along the way or closing the loop.You are creative and driven, with an interpersonal savvy that will allow you to develop lasting relationships with both candidates and Nesters. You're also comfortable with numbers and drawing insights from analytics to make our hiring process smarter and more efficient. However, you are not a number. You're an integral part of Nest's overall success. We're a fun and selfless team that believes it's more important to collaborate than to compete. We look for opportunities to help each other and celebrate individual victories. It's not just what we do. It's who we are.  Please Note: This is a 1-year contract with the possibility for extension up to two years. The work: Serve as an expert for creating talent pool(s) by understanding the competitive landscape and hiring needs within Nest Generate talent pipelines, engage with potential candidates and evaluate their fit for open rolesShepherd candidates through the telephone interview phase and ensure a seamless transition to the recruiterCollaborate with recruiters and hiring managers to strategize and implement innovative pipeline generation effortsProvide market intelligence to solve candidate pipeline challenges Minimum qualifications:  Bachelor's degree or equivalent practical experience 4+ years of demonstrated technical sourcing experience with 1+ years of in-house/non-agency experience Preferred qualifications:  4+ years recruiting server-side, embedded and/or apps software engineering candidates  Experience working at consumer electronics or internet services companies Excellent verbal and written communication skillsAbility to thrive in a fast-paced and sometimes ambiguous environmentCapable of solving complex pipeline challenges 
174	Google	Head of Google Store Hardware Sales, APAC	Singapore	description-section:  Responsibilities   Take responsibility for delivering and exceeding APAC Google Store targets in all markets. Grow the share and value of Google’s direct-to-consumer retail channel as well as and overall online competitiveness across all markets and product categories. Collaborate with Google Store, Product, Marketing, Finance, Legal, and Compliance teams to develop and refine our go to market strategy in APAC. Partner with Sales Operations, Supply Chain, Reverse and Logistics teams to ensure inventory, service processes and NPS level remain exceptional. Build and deliver business plans to grow business with new site features and functionality such as financing, carrier integration, as well as new payment and fulfillment solutions. Build quarterly promotional plans to maximize business moments capitalizing on national promotions as well as ad-hoc business driving opportunities Partner with Sales Operations, Supply Chain, Reverse and Logistics teams to ensure inventory, service processes and NPS level remain exceptional. Partner with regional and country marketing teams to build awareness plans to drive both business and the overall Google hardware brand. Set a cadence and deliver reporting and insight to influence both Google Store and APAC strategy leveraging internal and external data   Qualifications  Minimum qualifications: 4 years of digital store management experience and managing digital store promotions. Commercial experience in hardware and/or FMCG/CPG sales.  Preferred qualifications: 4 years of experience in APAC. Deep knowledge of SEO/SEM and budget management. ;description-section text: Note: By applying to this position your application is automatically submitted to the following locations: Mountain View, CA, USA; San Francisco, CA, USA; Boulder, CO, USA; New York, NY, USA;description-section text with-benefits: The Hardware Sales Operations team is responsible for the business planning and sales forecasting process throughout a hardware product’s lifecycle, from conception to end-of-life. We work with a variety of stakeholders from sales to supply chain to marketing, to launch new products with our third-party partners as well as with the Google Store. As Head of Google Store Hardware Sales, you will lead the business performance, development and strategy for the Google Store business within APAC delivering business performance through effective promotional plans and consumer offerings. Working within the APAC hardware Sales team, you'll manage the partnerships with Marketing, Supply Chain, Product and Go-to-Market functions and delivering a cohesive cross-functional way of working.The Hardware Partnerships team was formed with the purpose of bringing the best of Google’s software and hardware to our users by bringing to market and distributing a Google-branded hardware portfolio. The team is responsible for managing all partnerships with carriers, retailers and resellers worldwide. This includes the partnerships for products such as Pixel, Daydream View, Google Wifi, Chromecast Ultra and Google Home.
175	Google	U.S. Tax Analyst, Employment Tax	Sunnyvale, CA, United States	description-section:  Responsibilities   Assist in the prioritization and delivery of diverse employment tax projects; analyze large data-sets, summarize data to meaningful reports for stakeholders, and perform complex payroll tax calculations. Ensure Auditor’s requests are responded to in a timely manner including reconciliations, data retrieval and analysis of relevant tax matters, and coordination with internal stakeholders and local in-country experts. Coordinate with internal stakeholders on employee programs and initiatives while working with local country experts to develop tax positions to ensure compliance to local tax and reporting regulations. Work with regional network of employment tax consultants to ensure we receive timely tax advice, excellent service and support. Maintain records, documentation, and develop processes and procedures with a focus on continuous improvement and automation.   Qualifications  Minimum qualifications: BA/BS degree in Accounting or Business Administration or related field, or equivalent practical experience. Certified public accountant or equivalent. 5 years of experience in U.S. employment tax in a public accounting firm, law firm and/or a corporate tax department.  Preferred qualifications: Knowledge of employment tax in UK and/or Ireland and other EMEA countries. Ability to work effectively individually and independently, as well as in teams. Flexibility to changing task priorities and work situations. Effective research, customer service, and verbal and written communication skills. Detail oriented, with analytical skills, ambitious, self-motivated, and interest in international payroll and employment taxes. ;description-section text: Note: By applying to this position your application is automatically submitted to the following locations: Mountain View, CA, USA; San Francisco, CA, USA; Boulder, CO, USA; New York, NY, USA;description-section text with-benefits: Google's in-house tax team knows all things corporate tax. Made up of smart, perceptive Googlers with a flair for domestic, international and sales & use tax, the knowledge and expertise of this team runs deep. You have years of experience in this field and an extensive knowledge of those tax issues most relevant to internet companies. While we don't give our Googlers individual tax advice, you make it easy for Googlers to get what they need to make good tax decisions. You find ways to work smarter by streamlining and automating our tax processes and systems, and find ways to be both innovative and compliant. The name Google came from "googol," a mathematical term for the number 1 followed by 100 zeros. And nobody at Google loves big numbers like the Finance team when providing in depth analysis on all manner of strategic decisions across Google products. From developing forward-thinking analysis to generating management reports to scaling our automated financial processes, the Finance organization is an important partner and advisor to the business.
176	Nest	Lead Software Engineer - Backend Services	Palo Alto, CA, United States	description-section:  Responsibilities   Assist in the prioritization and delivery of diverse employment tax projects; analyze large data-sets, summarize data to meaningful reports for stakeholders, and perform complex payroll tax calculations. Ensure Auditor’s requests are responded to in a timely manner including reconciliations, data retrieval and analysis of relevant tax matters, and coordination with internal stakeholders and local in-country experts. Coordinate with internal stakeholders on employee programs and initiatives while working with local country experts to develop tax positions to ensure compliance to local tax and reporting regulations. Work with regional network of employment tax consultants to ensure we receive timely tax advice, excellent service and support. Maintain records, documentation, and develop processes and procedures with a focus on continuous improvement and automation.   Qualifications  Minimum qualifications: BA/BS degree in Accounting or Business Administration or related field, or equivalent practical experience. Certified public accountant or equivalent. 5 years of experience in U.S. employment tax in a public accounting firm, law firm and/or a corporate tax department.  Preferred qualifications: Knowledge of employment tax in UK and/or Ireland and other EMEA countries. Ability to work effectively individually and independently, as well as in teams. Flexibility to changing task priorities and work situations. Effective research, customer service, and verbal and written communication skills. Detail oriented, with analytical skills, ambitious, self-motivated, and interest in international payroll and employment taxes. ;description-section text: Note: By applying to this position your application is automatically submitted to the following locations: Mountain View, CA, USA; San Francisco, CA, USA; Boulder, CO, USA; New York, NY, USA;description-section text with-benefits: We’re a small, cross-functional team that’s in the early stages of building a one-of-a-kind services solution for a whole new market. We are a mix of product, algorithms and industry experts, and we’re in need of a backend services engineering lead. It’ll be up to you to architect the services infrastructure for this project and execute the development plan to build it. Your work will help open a new and exciting market for Nest -- and help potentially millions of Nest customers lead better lives.  The work:  Take the lead in architecting, designing, developing, and ultimately delivering some of Nest’s most important engineering projects  Projects include real time data synchronization, identity management, large-scale data processing frameworks, and service endpoints for web, embedded, and mobile clients  Collaborate with other engineering and product teams in the organization to pull together diverse system requirements  Coordinate engineering work across hardware, embedded software, mobile apps, and cloud services    Minimum qualifications:  Bachelor’s degree (or higher) in Computer Science, Mathematics, Statistics, or related field  5+ years of backend software development experience  5+ years experience with multiple programming languages (e.g. Java, Python, C++)    Preferred qualifications:  Extensive experience with Google tools and infrastructure  Comfort with rapid prototyping  Willingness to learn and adapt as our understanding of the target market evolves  Experience working at a startup or on an early-stage project  Interest in mentoring junior engineers 
177	Google	Search Ads Specialist, Large Customer Sales	Tokyo, Japan	description-section:  Responsibilities   Take responsibility for owning the Search Ads and Mobile Assets book of business of your assigned specific area, from planning and pitching to reporting Identify new opportunities to increase customer marketing investment efficiently on mobile Develop high-level relationships to serve as a trusted advisor with major customers to optimize their advertising growth Simplify and package Google Search Ads and Mobile Assets offering for customers and serve as a liaison with vertical teams and customers regarding new beta tests and product launches Support product strategies working with product and global team, providing them with feedback and formulating product asks relevant to Japan market needs   Qualifications  Minimum qualifications: Bachelor's degree or equivalent practical experience. 5 years of relevant experience in digital/mobile advertising sales. Business level communication in Japanese and English. Preferred qualifications: MBA. Experience working and advising customers on their search and mobile strategy. Performance-focused and product knowledge in the search and mobile space. Demonstrated ability to influence decision makers using consultative sales skills with c-levels and building strong client relationships. Ability to analyze complex advertiser performance data through tools such as Google AdWords, Google Analytics. Well-honed strategic and analytical capability balanced with creativity and readiness to roll-up sleeves to drive success/impact. ;description-section text: Note: By applying to this position your application is automatically submitted to the following locations: Mountain View, CA, USA; San Francisco, CA, USA; Boulder, CO, USA; New York, NY, USA;description-section text with-benefits: Businesses that partner with Google come in all shapes, sizes and market caps, and no one Google advertising solution works for all. Your knowledge of online media combined with your communication skills and analytical abilities shapes how new and existing business grow. Using your influencing and relationship-building skills, you provide Google-caliber client service, research and market analysis. You anticipate how decisions are made, persistently explore and uncover the business needs of Google's key clients and understand how our range of product offerings can grow their business. Working with them, you set the vision and the strategy for how their advertising can reach thousands of users. As a Search Ads Specialist within our Large Customer Sales (LCS) specialist team, you will be supporting and assisting Japan largest customers with complex tasks on advertising campaigns on Search Ads as well as their Mobile Assets.  You will be an expert on Search Ads and Mobile Assets solutions, tools and frameworks. You’ll be driving business growth, working closely with LCS vertical and agency teams on our most advanced customers to help them embrace the mobile shift. You will advise them on the quality of their mobile assets, on the full value of mobile for their business and subsequently increase budget allocation, alter bids and improve adoption of advanced features on search. This is a client-facing role that involves pitching new business and providing implementation, optimization consultation on all things mobile across our widening array of Search Ads.  You will leverage your entrepreneurial drive to target, educate, and persuade customers to embrace the mobile opportunity for their business, from driving increased assets quality to measuring and optimizing their marketing investments on Google properties. Working closely with clients, you will ensure that they are achieving their Key Performance Indicators (KPIs) through advertising and are using the correct mix of tracking and attribution to drive optimal performance.  In this role, you will learn how to best utilize mobile advertising products to drive performance and will become the trusted advisor both for the customer and Google industry managers and account managers on this line of products. You will develop your specialist skills by staying on top of the latest training and material, and interacting with global experts on an ongoing basis.Our Large Customer Sales teams partner closely with many of the world’s biggest advertisers and agencies to develop digital solutions that build strong businesses and brands. We enjoy a bird’s eye view on the massive transformation occurring as advertising shifts to mobile and online platforms. We're uniquely situated to help shape how companies grow their businesses in the digital age. We advise clients on Google's broad range of products across search, video and mobile to help them connect instantly and seamlessly with their audiences.
178	Nest	Embedded Application Software Engineer	Palo Alto, CA, United States	description-section:  Responsibilities   Take responsibility for owning the Search Ads and Mobile Assets book of business of your assigned specific area, from planning and pitching to reporting Identify new opportunities to increase customer marketing investment efficiently on mobile Develop high-level relationships to serve as a trusted advisor with major customers to optimize their advertising growth Simplify and package Google Search Ads and Mobile Assets offering for customers and serve as a liaison with vertical teams and customers regarding new beta tests and product launches Support product strategies working with product and global team, providing them with feedback and formulating product asks relevant to Japan market needs   Qualifications  Minimum qualifications: Bachelor's degree or equivalent practical experience. 5 years of relevant experience in digital/mobile advertising sales. Business level communication in Japanese and English. Preferred qualifications: MBA. Experience working and advising customers on their search and mobile strategy. Performance-focused and product knowledge in the search and mobile space. Demonstrated ability to influence decision makers using consultative sales skills with c-levels and building strong client relationships. Ability to analyze complex advertiser performance data through tools such as Google AdWords, Google Analytics. Well-honed strategic and analytical capability balanced with creativity and readiness to roll-up sleeves to drive success/impact. ;description-section text: Note: By applying to this position your application is automatically submitted to the following locations: Mountain View, CA, USA; San Francisco, CA, USA; Boulder, CO, USA; New York, NY, USA;description-section text with-benefits:  Nest is looking for a software engineer to join our ever growing embedded software team. At Nest you'll have to opportunity to shape the Consumer Electronic business, join a world class engineering team and help revolutionize the next unloved device in our homes. You will architect, design and implement the heart that makes our future products tick. The ideal candidate has a very strong background in applications design and development for embedded devices.  The work:  Develop, enhance, and maintain system/kernel and application layer software  Interface with various hardware and software vendors on complex system integration tasks to achieve efficient, cost-effective, and delightful product solutions  Minimum qualifications:  PhD degree, or BA/BS degree or above with equivalent practical experience  4+ years of work experience programming in C/C++  4+ years experience with kernel/driver/system system programming  Preferred qualifications:  Deep experience with Linux embedded systems  Kernel and device driver development  Board bringup  Deep embedded system programming, including small-footprint and low-power systems  Event driven development  User Interface development (user input handling, displaying output, etc.)  GNU toolchain (gcc, as, ld, make, sed, etc.) or equivalent cross platform development tool  Implementing solutions that are efficient on many levels  ARM Cortex-Mx and low-power SoCs and MCUs 
179	Nest	Senior User Experience Researcher	Palo Alto, CA, United States	description-section:  Responsibilities   Take responsibility for owning the Search Ads and Mobile Assets book of business of your assigned specific area, from planning and pitching to reporting Identify new opportunities to increase customer marketing investment efficiently on mobile Develop high-level relationships to serve as a trusted advisor with major customers to optimize their advertising growth Simplify and package Google Search Ads and Mobile Assets offering for customers and serve as a liaison with vertical teams and customers regarding new beta tests and product launches Support product strategies working with product and global team, providing them with feedback and formulating product asks relevant to Japan market needs   Qualifications  Minimum qualifications: Bachelor's degree or equivalent practical experience. 5 years of relevant experience in digital/mobile advertising sales. Business level communication in Japanese and English. Preferred qualifications: MBA. Experience working and advising customers on their search and mobile strategy. Performance-focused and product knowledge in the search and mobile space. Demonstrated ability to influence decision makers using consultative sales skills with c-levels and building strong client relationships. Ability to analyze complex advertiser performance data through tools such as Google AdWords, Google Analytics. Well-honed strategic and analytical capability balanced with creativity and readiness to roll-up sleeves to drive success/impact. ;description-section text: Note: By applying to this position your application is automatically submitted to the following locations: Mountain View, CA, USA; San Francisco, CA, USA; Boulder, CO, USA; New York, NY, USA;description-section text with-benefits:  Nest Design is an interdisciplinary group. We value visual design, interaction design, writing, audio, prototyping and research as equal pillars of the product. Our ideal candidate will combine strengths across disciplines to create a powerful and effective point of view.  For this role, we are looking for a Senior User Experience Researcher who can work on new initiatives at Nest. This role will play a key role in influencing product definition, using end-to-end research strategically, and working closely with Design, PM, Eng, business partners, and Nest executives.  As a Senior UX Researcher at Nest, you will be part of the team that drives the design for systematic and innovative products and features. Researchers on the team bring deep knowledge of research practices, understand trade-offs for using methods, are grounded in an understanding of UX at different parts of the product cycle, and can collaborate effectively with multidisciplinary partners and stakeholders. Lastly, you should have passion to create products that people love and that they’ll welcome into their home.  The work:  Conduct independent research on multiple aspects of Nest products, focusing on research around new initiatives  Collect and analyze user behavior through mixed methods, including lab studies, field visits, interviews, ethnography, surveys, concept evaluations, leveraging existing feedback mechanisms, etc.  Work with Designers, Product Managers, Engineers, and other UXRs to prioritize research opportunities in a fast-paced, rapidly changing environment  Understand and incorporate complex technical and business requirements into research  Advocate research findings to diverse audiences through written reports and in-person presentations  “Tell the User’s Story” internally by creating a coherent narrative across studies  Minimum qualifications:  BA/BS degree in Psychology, Human Factors, Anthropology, HCI or other related fields or equivalent practical experience  4+ years of work experience   Preferred qualifications:  M.S./M.A. or Ph.D. in a related field or equivalent practical experience  Experience integrating user research into product designs and design practices  Demonstrated understanding of the strengths and shortcomings of different research methods, including when and how to apply them during the product development process  Excellent interpersonal, communication and collaboration skills  Comfort in a variety of environments, as Nest is a mid-sized company embedded in a large company  A passion for delightful, minimalist, and useful products for the home 
180	Google	Business Excellence Program Manager, Trust & Safety Vendor Operations	Sunnyvale, CA, United States	description-section:  Responsibilities  Improve and maintain quality frameworks across multiple product functions for vendor operations. Lead projects across Product Areas and deliver quantifiable quality improvement initiatives across Trust & Safety vendor operations (quality metrics alignment, stakeholder buy-in, timeliness of quality reviews, regular reporting cadence with cross-functional stakeholders and improving operational rigor around temp, vendor and contractor quality).Work with multiple stakeholders across Product, Policy and Engineering teams and drive projects that improve the overall quality of vendor operations and make our products safer.Capture, define and document process requirements for the Business Intelligence team to build dashboards and drive insights. Identify areas of improvement around process efficiency and work with the Trust & Safety Vendor Operations Tools & Business Intelligence Team to introduce automation and build useful data insights.Drive multiple cross-functional initiatives focussed on improving quality of our operations and classifier accuracy. Work cross-functionally with Trust & Safety Teams, Engineering Teams and Product Managers on scope definition, agreement on milestones, OKR development and execution of initiatives.  Qualifications  Minimum qualifications:Bachelor's degree in a technical field or equivalent practical experience.Experience in process management systems such as Lean, Six Sigma or TPS. Experience in SQL and other reporting tools and techniques.Business process improvement and project management experience. Experience leading projects in a global setup.Preferred qualifications:Six Sigma Black Belt Certification.Project Management Professional Certification.5 years of program or project management experience.A self-starter. Ability to work independently and on multiple threads at once.Excellent presentation, communication and influencing skills;description-section text: Note: By applying to this position your application is automatically submitted to the following locations: Mountain View, CA, USA; San Francisco, CA, USA; Boulder, CO, USA; New York, NY, USA;description-section text with-benefits: Google's brand is only as strong as our users' trust--and their steadfast belief that our guiding principles are what's best for them. Our Trust and Safety team has the critical responsibility of protecting Google's users by ensuring online safety by fighting web abuse and fraud across Google products like Search, Maps, AdWords and AdSense. On this team, you're a big-picture thinker and strategic leader. You understand the user's point of view and are passionate about using your combined technical, sales and customer service acumen to protect our users. You work globally and cross-functionally with Google developers and Product Managers to navigate challenging online safety situations and handle abuse and fraud cases at Google speed (read: fast!). Help us prove that quality on the Internet trumps all.Google's projects, like our users, span the globe and require managers to focus on the big picture. As a member of the Trust & Safety Vendor Operations team, you lead complex, multi-disciplinary projects. You are a big picture thinker and strategic leader. You plan requirements with internal customers and usher projects through the entire project lifecycle. This includes managing project schedules, identifying risks and clearly communicating goals to project stakeholders. Your projects often span offices, time zones and hemispheres, and it's your job to keep all the players coordinated on the project's progress and deadlines.You understand the user's point of view and are passionate about using your combined technical, sales and customer service acumen to protect our users. You work globally and cross-functionally with Google Product Area, Policy team and Engineering to help improve quality of vendor operations. You harness your analytical and technical skills to drive tool development and process improvements. You help us prove that quality on the Internet trumps all.At Google we work hard to earn our users’ trust every day. Gaining and retaining this trust is critically important to Google’s success. We defend Google's integrity by fighting spam, fraud and abuse, and develop and communicate state-of-the-art product policies. The Trust and Safety team reduces risk and protects the experience of our users and business partners in more than 40 languages and across Google's expanding base of products. We work with a variety of teams from Engineering to Legal, Public Policy and Sales Engineering to set policies and combat fraud and abuse in a scalable way, often with an eye to finding industry-wide solutions. Trust and Safety team members are motivated to find innovative solutions, and use technical know-how, user insights and proactive communication to pursue the highest possible quality and safety standards for users across Google products.
181	Google	Retail Strategy Lead, Go-to-Market, EMEA	London, United Kingdom	description-section:  Responsibilities   Partner across Ads, Assistant, Measurement, Sites/UX and Cloud teams to synthesize insights and develop a sound business strategy for Retail. Expand to cross-functional teams including Finance, Marketing and Legal as needed. Work with Global Product Leads (GPLs) and Product Managers (PMs) to drive the EMEA view and positively influence global product strategy. Support the Retail leads to deliver EMEA-wide and cross-product strategic planning processes, including annual planning, global business updates, and Objectives and Key Results (OKR) reviews. Partner closely across many functions to support our leadership. Motivate teams across the org to take action and drive projects to completion. Lead cross-functional teams to get work done, driving recommendations through to implementation, and ensuring insightful learning from the initiatives. Exhibit excellent judgment on sensitive, complex, and cross-functional issues, fostering collaboration between leaders, sub-teams, the larger organization and related functions, in order to align them with senior leadership’s vision and priorities.   Qualifications  Minimum qualifications: Bachelor's degree or equivalent practical experience. Experience in consulting/finance/corporate development, or equivalent project management experience in a technology or high growth firm. Experience leading operational and strategic initiatives across multiple functions, geographies and levels. Preferred qualifications: MBA or graduate degree in a management, technical or engineering field. Sales and/or marketing experience, with experience in structuring and implementing initiatives with sales teams. Experience working in the retail industry and a sound knowledge of our offerings to Retail advertisers. Demonstrated networking, influencing and interpersonal skills, with the ability to work across various Google functions. Distinctive problem solving and analysis skills, combined with impeccable business judgment. ;description-section text: Note: By applying to this position your application is automatically submitted to the following locations: Mountain View, CA, USA; San Francisco, CA, USA; Boulder, CO, USA; New York, NY, USA;description-section text with-benefits: The Business Strategy & Operations organization provides business critical insights using analytics, ensures cross functional alignment of goals and execution, and helps teams drive strategic partnerships and new initiatives forward. We stay focused on aligning the highest-level company priorities with strong day-to-day operations, and help evolve early stage ideas into future-growth initiatives. The Performance Go-To-Market team (GTM) is the link between Product and Sales at Google. We take product innovations and help turn them into solutions for our customers to get the most out of their investment with Google. We are passionate about all things digital and want to build and shape the ever-changing worlds of advertising, operations and customer experience.  As a Strategy Lead on the EMEA Go-To-Market team, you are a problem-solver and program leader. You demonstrate vision, sound business judgment and a bias for action. You draw insight from stakeholder input, market knowledge and numerical data to develop clear, compelling recommendations. You communicate these clearly and passionately and are happy rolling up your sleeves to lead and drive implementation. Sales Operations is the global team that makes sure Google's complex and ever-evolving business runs smoothly. Experts in leading process improvements and consistency, team members are analytical and strategic with a pragmatic sense of how to get things done. They develop global initiatives and set high-level goals to improve productivity.
182	Nest	Web Application Engineer	Palo Alto, CA, United States	description-section:  Responsibilities   Partner across Ads, Assistant, Measurement, Sites/UX and Cloud teams to synthesize insights and develop a sound business strategy for Retail. Expand to cross-functional teams including Finance, Marketing and Legal as needed. Work with Global Product Leads (GPLs) and Product Managers (PMs) to drive the EMEA view and positively influence global product strategy. Support the Retail leads to deliver EMEA-wide and cross-product strategic planning processes, including annual planning, global business updates, and Objectives and Key Results (OKR) reviews. Partner closely across many functions to support our leadership. Motivate teams across the org to take action and drive projects to completion. Lead cross-functional teams to get work done, driving recommendations through to implementation, and ensuring insightful learning from the initiatives. Exhibit excellent judgment on sensitive, complex, and cross-functional issues, fostering collaboration between leaders, sub-teams, the larger organization and related functions, in order to align them with senior leadership’s vision and priorities.   Qualifications  Minimum qualifications: Bachelor's degree or equivalent practical experience. Experience in consulting/finance/corporate development, or equivalent project management experience in a technology or high growth firm. Experience leading operational and strategic initiatives across multiple functions, geographies and levels. Preferred qualifications: MBA or graduate degree in a management, technical or engineering field. Sales and/or marketing experience, with experience in structuring and implementing initiatives with sales teams. Experience working in the retail industry and a sound knowledge of our offerings to Retail advertisers. Demonstrated networking, influencing and interpersonal skills, with the ability to work across various Google functions. Distinctive problem solving and analysis skills, combined with impeccable business judgment. ;description-section text: Note: By applying to this position your application is automatically submitted to the following locations: Mountain View, CA, USA; San Francisco, CA, USA; Boulder, CO, USA; New York, NY, USA;description-section text with-benefits:  The Web Applications team is looking for a motivated engineer willing to work on tough problems. We build and maintain a large React / Redux based front-end with a truly global user base. You'd be joining an experienced and diverse team of folks working on new products and truly exciting frontiers - pushing the boundaries of new technology and Web APIs. Much of what we work on has never been tried before and pushes the web to new heights. You can easily find yourself researching technical problems most web engineers would never have to consider - such reducing latency on a custom built HTML5 video player, or efficiently rendering thousands of stars accurately in the night sky. Taking on such tasks will lead you to working cross functionally with many people including the Nest hardware, Design, and Google Chrome teams. Our aggressive browser support matrix and ambitious hardware integrations/support goals put Nest's Web App team in a truly unique and exciting place.  The work:  Designing and implementing the best web application possible alongside some truly top-tier engineers (and just great people to be around)  Investigating new web technologies and evaluating how they could benefit Nest's product line and user experience - always looking for a way to deliver more Nest magic  Participating in fun team activities such as lunches and informal discussions  Working cross-functionally to ship the best features/products possible across dozens of countries and locales  Minimum qualifications:  5+ years relevant experience  Preferred qualifications:  5+ years experience on Web Applications  Deep understanding of modern Javascript (ES6+), CSS, HTML, and web application design  Familiarity with modern frameworks and Web APIs  Experience with Agile development process  Strong attention to detail - from design through code to testing  Comfort with ambiguity, rapid release cycles, and tight schedules  Demonstrated expertise in problem-solving and technical innovation 
183	Google	Account Manager, Google Analytics 360 Suite	Toronto, ON, Canada	description-section:  Responsibilities   Develop relationships within a book of business. Serve as a trusted consultant in order to solidify and grow those partnerships. Coordinate internal resources across many functional areas to fulfill customer needs. Manage multiple complex projects simultaneously. Understand and adapt to Google's ongoing product and technology developments. Monitor industry trends and competitive landscape. Demonstrate thought leadership and identify risks to the business, taking preemptive action to mitigate.   Qualifications  Minimum qualifications: BA/BS degree or equivalent practical experience. 3 years of experience working with website analytics, attribution and ad technology. Preferred qualifications: Relationship management experience, with experience working toward strategic business goals. Experience in business development, client relationship, servicing and solution-based selling. Understanding of industry challenges, a vision for its growth, and a commitment to advance Google's forward-looking strategies within the marketplace. Ability to work well in a large, fast-paced, complex, and perpetually evolving environment. Ability to develop and grow relationships with customers. ;description-section text: Note: By applying to this position your application is automatically submitted to the following locations: Mountain View, CA, USA; San Francisco, CA, USA; Boulder, CO, USA; New York, NY, USA;description-section text with-benefits: Businesses that partner with Google come in all shapes, sizes and market caps, and no one Google advertising solution works for all. Your knowledge of online media combined with your communication skills and analytical abilities shapes how new and existing business grow. Using your influencing and relationship-building skills, you provide Google-caliber client service, research and market analysis. You anticipate how decisions are made, persistently explore and uncover the business needs of Google's key clients and understand how our range of product offerings can grow their business. Working with them, you set the vision and the strategy for how their advertising can reach thousands of users. As a Google Analytics 360 (GA360) Account Manager, you will be responsible for leading a portfolio of clients across Brands and Agencies driving integrated solutions across DoubleClick and GA360. You'll coach and support a team closely to identify new opportunities and grow the clients' businesses while assisting in the acquisition, growth and maturity against specific business growth and product adoption metrics. New Product Solutions is the link between Google’s Product and Sales organizations. We turn product innovations into client solutions that enable our customers to get the most out of Google’s advertising products and the web. We partner with Sales team members in building the strongest commercial strategy, and we equip customer-facing Googlers with essential product expertise. We are fascinated by all things digital and passionate about shaping the quickly evolving world of online advertising.
184	Google	Account Executive, Media and Entertainment	San Francisco, CA, United States	description-section:  Responsibilities   Work collaboratively with a team to drive Platforms adoption and growth and relationship from a select set of our largest customers. Develop and maintain trusted advisor status w/ C-level customers. Drive strategic account and business planning to define your strategies and tactics. Build and maintain a strong knowledge of the DoubleClick and Platforms suites.   Qualifications  Minimum qualifications: BA/BS degree or equivalent practical experience. 6 years of experience in advertising or enterprise technology sales, with experience in the online advertising ecosystem. Preferred qualifications: Experience in building relationships at senior levels, with outstanding written and verbal communications skills and the ability to influence both internally and externally. Experience managing complex programmatic campaigns on behalf of advertisers, agencies or trading desks. Demonstrated strategic and analytical sales approach. Strong ability to navigate ambiguity and manage competing priorities. Ability to travel. ;description-section text: Note: By applying to this position your application is automatically submitted to the following locations: Mountain View, CA, USA; San Francisco, CA, USA; Boulder, CO, USA; New York, NY, USA;description-section text with-benefits: Businesses that partner with Google come in all shapes, sizes and market caps, and no one Google advertising solution works for all. Your knowledge of online media combined with your communication skills and analytical abilities shapes how new and existing business grow. Using your influencing and relationship-building skills, you provide Google-caliber client service, research and market analysis. You anticipate how decisions are made, persistently explore and uncover the business needs of Google's key clients and understand how our range of product offerings can grow their business. Working with them, you set the vision and the strategy for how their advertising can reach thousands of users. Our Large Customer Sales teams partner closely with many of the world’s biggest advertisers and agencies to develop digital solutions that build strong businesses and brands. We enjoy a bird’s eye view on the massive transformation occurring as advertising shifts to mobile and online platforms. We're uniquely situated to help shape how companies grow their businesses in the digital age. We advise clients on Google's broad range of products across search, video and mobile to help them connect instantly and seamlessly with their audiences.
185	Google	Analytical Consultant, Shopping	Berlin, Germany	description-section:  Responsibilities   Develop smart, integrated, research-based proposals and presentations to enhance Google's reputation with clients as a consultant and partner. Use your comprehensive knowledge of Google's products to align them with clients' marketing objectives. Acquire and share deep knowledge of the customers industry, competitive landscapes, client products and key business issues that affect the client and industry. Develop new marketing collateral using industry, marketing and third-party research. Utilize measurement tools to add relevant, trustworthy data to presentations and proposals. Share expertise and best practices back and forth between customers, colleagues and internal specialist communities.   Qualifications  Minimum qualifications: BA/BS degree or equivalent practical experience. Experience in data analysis and marketing (product, direct and/or offline). Ability to speak and write in English and German fluently and idiomatically. Preferred qualifications: Experience building and automating reporting dashboards. Experience in SQL, databases and database manipulation. Demonstrable experience in consulting, sales support, online marketing or data analysis. Experience with complex spreadsheets/analysis and putting together C-level presentations. Experience with Google Shopping (Feed Management and Campaign structures). Ability to work effectively in fast-paced environments with effective time-management and prioritization skills. ;description-section text: Note: By applying to this position your application is automatically submitted to the following locations: Berlin, Germany; Munich, Germany; Hamburg, Germany;description-section text with-benefits: Businesses that partner with Google come in all shapes, sizes and market caps, and no one Google advertising solution works for all. Your knowledge of online media combined with your communication skills and analytical abilities shapes how new and existing business grow. Using your influencing and relationship-building skills, you provide Google-caliber client service, research and market analysis. You anticipate how decisions are made, persistently explore and uncover the business needs of Google's key clients and understand how our range of product offerings can grow their business. Working with them, you set the vision and the strategy for how their advertising can reach thousands of users. As a Shopping Analyst you will be a thought leader on Google’s fast growing Shopping products which are part of our wider search business. This is a great opportunity to work on significant growth areas within Google’s wider search business and become a trusted partner to our customers when it comes to how they plan, implement and optimize these products. You will have knowledge of both the industry and the ecosystem on which these products are built. You will form strong external partnerships with multiple businesses to maximize success for your customers. You will have the ability to manage multiple stakeholders and develop solutions for customers that adapt to their chosen method of working with Google.  You will also work with a broad range of internal teams to deliver great customer support for our customers and are driven to make people emphasize their experiences talking to Google. You have excellent interpersonal skills and are analytically minded, self-motivated, detail oriented and skilled at solving issues and explaining complex issues. In this role you will work closely with a highly skilled Shopping community across EMEA to develop deep expertise in this area.  Among your many attributes, you are analytical but practical, persuasive, self-starting, a team player, and skilled at solving problems and explaining complex issues. You possess excellent communication and presentation skills at the senior level, as well as the ability to work closely and constructively with all areas of the business. Our Large Customer Sales teams partner closely with many of the world’s biggest advertisers and agencies to develop digital solutions that build strong businesses and brands. We enjoy a bird’s eye view on the massive transformation occurring as advertising shifts to mobile and online platforms. We're uniquely situated to help shape how companies grow their businesses in the digital age. We advise clients on Google's broad range of products across search, video and mobile to help them connect instantly and seamlessly with their audiences.
186	Nest	Latin America Retail Expansion and Account Management	Miami, FL, United States	description-section:  Responsibilities   Develop smart, integrated, research-based proposals and presentations to enhance Google's reputation with clients as a consultant and partner. Use your comprehensive knowledge of Google's products to align them with clients' marketing objectives. Acquire and share deep knowledge of the customers industry, competitive landscapes, client products and key business issues that affect the client and industry. Develop new marketing collateral using industry, marketing and third-party research. Utilize measurement tools to add relevant, trustworthy data to presentations and proposals. Share expertise and best practices back and forth between customers, colleagues and internal specialist communities.   Qualifications  Minimum qualifications: BA/BS degree or equivalent practical experience. Experience in data analysis and marketing (product, direct and/or offline). Ability to speak and write in English and German fluently and idiomatically. Preferred qualifications: Experience building and automating reporting dashboards. Experience in SQL, databases and database manipulation. Demonstrable experience in consulting, sales support, online marketing or data analysis. Experience with complex spreadsheets/analysis and putting together C-level presentations. Experience with Google Shopping (Feed Management and Campaign structures). Ability to work effectively in fast-paced environments with effective time-management and prioritization skills. ;description-section text: Note: By applying to this position your application is automatically submitted to the following locations: Berlin, Germany; Munich, Germany; Hamburg, Germany;description-section text with-benefits: Nest is focused on making simple, human, delightful things. Our vision is a home that takes care of the people inside it and the world around it. You can help us bring beautiful and valuable technology into Latin American homes by joining our Retail Partner Team.  Nest’s Sales organization is responsible for growing existing business in existing countries as well as building new business with new products and in new countries. We stay focused on aligning the highest-level company priorities with strong day-to-day operations, and aim to help grow and scale Nest’s Sales organization for the future.  You will partner with our Product, Marketing, Finance, Operations, Logistics, Planning, Supply Chain, HR and Legal teams in order to facilitate business initiatives for ongoing business as well as new product introductions. Additionally, you will have exposure and visibility to senior executives and cross-functional leaders as you represent the business in regular reviews and help influence others to move your initiatives forward.The work:  Grow the retail sales volume with existing and new partners in Mexico  Manage the commercial strategy and execution of our country expansion plans in the LATAM region: which countries should we be in? When? How do we launch? Who do we partner with?  Negotiate sell through plans, commercial terms and marketing budgets with our distributors and partners in Latin America  Work directly with the partners as we launch new products  Evaluate channel performance with partners quarterly and find new opportunities to increase sales  Work collaboratively internally to forecast, ensure supply and develop marketing initiatives  Minimum qualifications:   6+ years of Account Management experience working with retailers in Latin American countries  5+ years of commercial negotiation experience  Bachelor's degree or equivalent experience  Ability to travel 40-50% of the time in Latin America and quarterly trips to California (Palo Alto)  Fluent in English, Spanish, and Portuguese (Brazil)  Preferred qualification:  Exceptional verbal and written communication skills  Experience solving challenging commercials issues  Experience collaborating and communicating with diverse clients at all levels of their business  Experience collaborating with cross-functional teams  Comfortable with data analysis and problem solving  Experience with Tableau, Excel, Salesforce, GSuite, Google Analytics  Thrives in a team environment  Enjoys a bit of chaos and is able to sort through it to find solutions 
187	Nest	Android Applications Engineering Internship - 2018 Summer Nestling Program	Palo Alto, CA, United States	description-section:  Responsibilities   Develop smart, integrated, research-based proposals and presentations to enhance Google's reputation with clients as a consultant and partner. Use your comprehensive knowledge of Google's products to align them with clients' marketing objectives. Acquire and share deep knowledge of the customers industry, competitive landscapes, client products and key business issues that affect the client and industry. Develop new marketing collateral using industry, marketing and third-party research. Utilize measurement tools to add relevant, trustworthy data to presentations and proposals. Share expertise and best practices back and forth between customers, colleagues and internal specialist communities.   Qualifications  Minimum qualifications: BA/BS degree or equivalent practical experience. Experience in data analysis and marketing (product, direct and/or offline). Ability to speak and write in English and German fluently and idiomatically. Preferred qualifications: Experience building and automating reporting dashboards. Experience in SQL, databases and database manipulation. Demonstrable experience in consulting, sales support, online marketing or data analysis. Experience with complex spreadsheets/analysis and putting together C-level presentations. Experience with Google Shopping (Feed Management and Campaign structures). Ability to work effectively in fast-paced environments with effective time-management and prioritization skills. ;description-section text: Note: By applying to this position your application is automatically submitted to the following locations: Berlin, Germany; Munich, Germany; Hamburg, Germany;description-section text with-benefits:  Millions of Nest customers touch our apps daily to make their homes and their families safer, more comfortable, and more energy efficient. Every member of our team has an opportunity to make a big impact knowing that the apps they develop will receive lots of visibility, both internally and externally. If you’re passionate about good design, itching to build truly great Android applications and work with a top-notch engineering team, this is your ticket! As an Android Applications Intern, projects may include implementing high-level user interfaces, optimizing the user experience, developing new and innovative features, fixing problems and troubleshooting, and enhancing product performance.  Minimum qualifications:  Currently pursuing a Bachelor’s, Master’s, or Ph.D. in Engineering, Computer Science, Math, or related technical field  Preferred qualifications:  Experience developing native Android Applications  Understanding of Java/Android application development  A passion and curiosity for creating and building things  The ability to thrive in a collaborative team  Strong communication skills 
188	Google	Head of Global Sales Development, Google Marketing Solutions	Mountain View, CA, United States	description-section:  Responsibilities   Manage the Sales Development function for Google Marketing Solutions. Manage a network of vendors providing Lead Management Representatives and continuously improve metrics for customer contacts, appointments and business growth referred. Establish hiring profiles and training programs in conjunction with the New Business Sales organization. Mentor and manage a global team of Program Managers with a focus on process improvement, sales operations and vendor management. Manage a large vendor budget. Coordinate lead generation and flow across Marketing, Engineering and other lead sources. Deploy sales tools and technology to drive efficiencies. Consult on goals and deliverables, facilitating team-work across the organization.   Qualifications  Minimum qualifications: 10 years of experience in a Program, People or Sales team Management role. 5 years of experience in global sales operations managing metrics, incentives, tools, training, process improvement, etc. Experience scaling and managing a global vendor operation (contracting, metrics, Quarterly Business Reviews, hiring guidelines, etc). Preferred qualifications: Ability to navigate and operate across a complex, cross-functional engagement. Ability to influence and motivate cross-functional teams towards common objectives. Effective analytical, leadership and communication skills. ;description-section text: Note: By applying to this position your application is automatically submitted to the following locations: Berlin, Germany; Munich, Germany; Hamburg, Germany;description-section text with-benefits: Businesses that partner with Google come in all shapes, sizes and market caps, and no one Google advertising solution works for all. Your knowledge of online media combined with your communication skills and analytical abilities shapes how new and existing business grow. Using your influencing and relationship-building skills, you provide Google-caliber client service, research and market analysis. You anticipate how decisions are made, persistently explore and uncover the business needs of Google's key clients and understand how our range of product offerings can grow their business. Working with them, you set the vision and the strategy for how their advertising can reach thousands of users. As the Head of Global Sales Development for Google Marketing Solutions, you'll work closely with Marketing and our Sales teams to identify potential customers who are likely to benefit from the use of Google's advertising solutions.  To accomplish this, you'll manage a global team that reaches out to prospective customers, evaluates how Google can help them, and introduces those customers to our Account Executive team. The Account Executives then finalize a proposal and help those customers execute their campaigns during the on-boarding period.  The team includes members in each region, covering all countries where Google Marketing Solutions operates. Your team will manage a group of vendors in charge of contacting prospective customers, identifying the relevant Sales team to match their needs and scheduling appointments with the most appropriate Account Executive. You'll also work closely with our Marketing and Engineering teams to forecast volumes, plan capacity, and improve our ability to reach prospective customers, as well as provide operational support to execute Marketing campaigns. When our millions of advertisers and publishers are happy, so are we! Our team of entrepreneurial, enthusiastic and client-focused team members are the "human face" of Google, helping entrepreneurs both individually and broadly build their online presence and grow their businesses. We are dedicated to growing the unique needs of advertising companies. Our teams of strategists, analysts, advisers and support specialists collaborate closely to spot and analyze customer needs and trends. Together, we create and implement business plans broadly for every type of businesses.
189	Google	Program Manager, Community Support, Waze	Tel Aviv-Yafo, Israel	description-section:  Responsibilities   Provide outstanding technical support service to Waze users of all levels. Scope and collect user requirements, provide guidance on best practices, and apply technology and product knowledge to address user needs. Manage user enquiries using various tools, including CRM tools, forums, e-mail, social-media and mobile reviews feedback. Implement creative ways to improve our client satisfaction. Provide strategic advice and help to solve technical issues by working closely in a consultative role with key community users.   Qualifications  Minimum qualifications: BA/BS degree or equivalent practical experience. Ability to speak and write in English and Hebrew fluently and idiomatically. Preferred qualifications: Relevant work experience in a customer support role, providing technical solutions to improve customer experience. Experience working through social media channels. Experience in developing online content strategies, and with content management systems, SEO methodologies and marketing communications for consumer-facing products. Ability to execute established processes and to drive projects with defined scope and complexity with minimal guidance, applying discretion and independent judgment in determining appropriate steps. Ability to speak and write in Portuguese and/or Spanish fluently and idiomatically. ;description-section text: Note: By applying to this position your application is automatically submitted to the following locations: Berlin, Germany; Munich, Germany; Hamburg, Germany;description-section text with-benefits: Product is where it all begins at Waze. Whether you are a designer, UI expert, or product manager you will play a role in shaping and advancing various Waze projects and products. Your creativity, dedication to UX and good eye for detail ensures that Waze's products are well received, intuitive and polished. You collaborate with the product team to mock up new features and then work closely with R&D to bring them to life. At Waze, we leave all egos at the door and concentrate on the job at hand. We value passionate, down to earth, “can do” people who enjoy fine-tuning small details, without losing sight of the big picture. We are looking for the type of person who feels uncomfortable when a day goes by without achieving something impactful. Someone who is driven to get things done and views obstacles as an exciting challenge that demands a creative solution. Above all else, this role requires someone who takes great pride in their work and is inspired and motivated by their role in improving the way millions of people drive worldwide. In this role, you will maintain a user-focused approach, demonstrating your ability to grasp technical issues and their impact on the existing client-base. You'll be in charge of managing and increasing user satisfaction and engagement levels, while also monitoring and analyzing user queries and feedback in order to help improve our product. You are a technical expert with demonstrated entrepreneurial drive and a passion for assisting our users. Happy, engaged and excited Wazers are all that matters here at Waze—that's why product is at the center of it all. Responsible for our product is a small team of talented, creative, and multidisciplinary product managers, UI experts and designers who work closely with R&D and our community to find new and innovative ways to enthuse our users. We are looking for creative individuals with a passion for the consumer mobile and social spaces to complement our team.
190	Nest	Product Design Engineer	Taipei, Taiwan	description-section:  Responsibilities   Provide outstanding technical support service to Waze users of all levels. Scope and collect user requirements, provide guidance on best practices, and apply technology and product knowledge to address user needs. Manage user enquiries using various tools, including CRM tools, forums, e-mail, social-media and mobile reviews feedback. Implement creative ways to improve our client satisfaction. Provide strategic advice and help to solve technical issues by working closely in a consultative role with key community users.   Qualifications  Minimum qualifications: BA/BS degree or equivalent practical experience. Ability to speak and write in English and Hebrew fluently and idiomatically. Preferred qualifications: Relevant work experience in a customer support role, providing technical solutions to improve customer experience. Experience working through social media channels. Experience in developing online content strategies, and with content management systems, SEO methodologies and marketing communications for consumer-facing products. Ability to execute established processes and to drive projects with defined scope and complexity with minimal guidance, applying discretion and independent judgment in determining appropriate steps. Ability to speak and write in Portuguese and/or Spanish fluently and idiomatically. ;description-section text: Note: By applying to this position your application is automatically submitted to the following locations: Berlin, Germany; Munich, Germany; Hamburg, Germany;description-section text with-benefits: The work:  Design the architectural layout and detailed plastic and metal components of a consumer electronics product  Work with electrical engineering, ID, and marketing team members to conceptualize, define, design, build, and test new products, including travel to the U.S. for face to face meetings  Make detailed 3D CAD models, search out materials, components, and systems for the product  Build and troubleshoot prototypes, analyze results of reliability testing, iteratively improve the design, and bring to production  Work with manufacturing partners in Asia and the U.S., including traveling to manufacturing sites  Support mechanical process and capability development on critical mechanical components, here are some examples: custom displays, custom connectors, injection molded plastic, stamped / formed sheet metal, cast metal  Minimum qualifications:  BA/BS degree or equivalent practical experience  4+ years of work experience, including 3 years of experience in mechanical engineering or related technical field (e.g. Product Design)  Mandarin language skill is necessary  English language skill (written and verbal) is necessary  3+ years of work experience with 1 CAD system (Pro/E, Catia, NX, Solidworks)  Preferred qualifications:  Previous industry experience designing handheld, or small home electronics products  Strong working knowledge of Mechanical Engineering fundamentals  Familiarity with Unigraphics NX  Hands on experience with machine shop tools  Demonstrated ability in plastic and metal design  Has strong design sense with an eye for detail  Working knowledge of structural FEA  Familiar with many of manufacturing techniques and DFM (Design for Manufacturing) review and feedback for suppliers  Familiar with electromechanical assemblies: LCD’s, batteries, sensors, flexes, PCB’s, antennas, buttons, etc. 
191	Google	Growth Manager, Mobile App Sales	Mountain View, CA, United States	description-section:  Responsibilities   Deliver against assigned goals consistently. Identify and pursue opportunities in your book of business, prioritize accounts, handle objections and evaluate campaign effectiveness. Prospect and cultivate app install business. Provide outstanding service to clients and troubleshoot advertiser issues. Contribute to the development of Google’s comprehensive suite of app install ad products.   Qualifications  Minimum qualifications: BA/BS degree or equivalent practical experience. 2 years of experience within media or advertising. Preferred qualifications: Experience and ability to work in a fast-paced, constantly evolving team environment. Proven ability to manage multiple projects at a time while paying strict attention to detail. Superior analytical skills and problem-solving abilities. Strong presentation and data visualization skills. ;description-section text: Note: By applying to this position your application is automatically submitted to the following locations: Berlin, Germany; Munich, Germany; Hamburg, Germany;description-section text with-benefits: Businesses that partner with Google come in all shapes, sizes and market caps, and no one Google advertising solution works for all. Your knowledge of online media combined with your communication skills and analytical abilities shapes how new and existing business grow. Using your influencing and relationship-building skills, you provide Google-caliber client service, research and market analysis. You anticipate how decisions are made, persistently explore and uncover the business needs of Google's key clients and understand how our range of product offerings can grow their business. Working with them, you set the vision and the strategy for how their advertising can reach thousands of users. The Mobile App Sales team has big ambitions and global reach. You will engage deeply with sophisticated mobile-first businesses, exceed business targets, and drive change to accelerate Google’s position in the fast-growing and strategic business of app install.  As a Growth Manager, you will be part of a team dedicated to helping mobile application developers grow their business using Google products and services. You will advise clients on marketing strategies which will help them achieve their user acquisition goals, and serve as an expert and advocate for mobile app developers within Google. In this position, you will proactively reach out to clients with solutions and insights, from account optimizations, to product betas, to strategic performance reviews. When our millions of advertisers and publishers are happy, so are we! Our Google Marketing Solutions (GMS) team of entrepreneurial, enthusiastic and client-focused members are the "human face" of Google, helping entrepreneurs both individually and broadly build their online presence and grow their businesses. We are dedicated to growing the unique needs of advertising companies. Our teams of strategists, analysts, advisers and support specialists collaborate closely to spot and analyze customer needs and trends. Together, we create and implement business plans broadly for all types of businesses.
192	Google	Corporate Counsel, Employment	Sunnyvale, CA, United States	description-section:  Responsibilities   Provide expert advice and legal support on EEO-related policies and processes (harassment, discrimination, retaliation, etc.); Investigations processes and policies; Affirmative action plans and government contractor requirements under Exec. Order 11246 and mandatory and voluntary diversity efforts . Manage audits, including OFCCP, EEOC and other labor audits. Draft training and materials related to diversity and inclusion. Advise on internal creation and dissemination of statistics and data related to diversity. Respond to EEOC, OFCCP, Office of Civil Rights, DFEH and other state and local agency initiatives and litigation support.   Qualifications  Minimum qualifications: J.D. or equivalent degree. 5 years of broad-based employment law experience on complex/varied matters within a law firm or comparable in-house experience. Admitted to the bar in which position is located and in good standing or otherwise authorized to practice law (e.g., have registered in-house status) in the state in which the position is located. Preferred qualifications: Direct or indirect (e.g., via a secondment) in-house experience. First hand experience in interacting with OFCCP, EEOC, state and local EEO agencies on complex matters. Experience in advising and implementing HR/employment policies; experience of data protection and intellectual property ownership issues in the employment context. Exposure to or actual experience in a US multinational corporation. Immigration and visa support experience. Experience with OSHA compliance and employee health and safety legal issues. ;description-section text: Note: By applying to this position your application is automatically submitted to the following locations: Berlin, Germany; Munich, Germany; Hamburg, Germany;description-section text with-benefits: As Corporate Counsel at Google, you work on the most exciting legal issues as disruptive technological innovations require creative and proactive legal guidance. You're part of a whip-smart group of in-house lawyers and the projects and cases you take on challenge you to think big and differently. You are collaborative -- ready to partner in initiatives that influence all aspects of the business and work with Googlers from all over the company. As an integrated part of the team, you proactively assess legal risks and advise on products that will not only move information into the 21st century, but move information law forward as well. 20th century laws don't always solve 21st century problems, and Google Legal crafts innovative approaches for handling some of the toughest legal challenges of the information age. Whether you're a patent attorney, an intellectual property expert or an engineer headed to law school, Google Legal lets you take on unanswered legal quandaries and create new precedents. Our innovative services raise challenging questions that demand creative and practical answers. We provide those answers by working at the crossroads of the law and new technology, helping Google build innovative and important products for users around the world.
193	Nest	Latin America Retail Expansion and Account Management	Palo Alto, CA, United States	description-section:  Responsibilities   Provide expert advice and legal support on EEO-related policies and processes (harassment, discrimination, retaliation, etc.); Investigations processes and policies; Affirmative action plans and government contractor requirements under Exec. Order 11246 and mandatory and voluntary diversity efforts . Manage audits, including OFCCP, EEOC and other labor audits. Draft training and materials related to diversity and inclusion. Advise on internal creation and dissemination of statistics and data related to diversity. Respond to EEOC, OFCCP, Office of Civil Rights, DFEH and other state and local agency initiatives and litigation support.   Qualifications  Minimum qualifications: J.D. or equivalent degree. 5 years of broad-based employment law experience on complex/varied matters within a law firm or comparable in-house experience. Admitted to the bar in which position is located and in good standing or otherwise authorized to practice law (e.g., have registered in-house status) in the state in which the position is located. Preferred qualifications: Direct or indirect (e.g., via a secondment) in-house experience. First hand experience in interacting with OFCCP, EEOC, state and local EEO agencies on complex matters. Experience in advising and implementing HR/employment policies; experience of data protection and intellectual property ownership issues in the employment context. Exposure to or actual experience in a US multinational corporation. Immigration and visa support experience. Experience with OSHA compliance and employee health and safety legal issues. ;description-section text: Note: By applying to this position your application is automatically submitted to the following locations: Berlin, Germany; Munich, Germany; Hamburg, Germany;description-section text with-benefits: Nest is focused on making simple, human, delightful things. Our vision is a home that takes care of the people inside it and the world around it. You can help us bring beautiful and valuable technology into Latin American homes by joining our Retail Partner Team.  Nest’s Sales organization is responsible for growing existing business in existing countries as well as building new business with new products and in new countries. We stay focused on aligning the highest-level company priorities with strong day-to-day operations, and aim to help grow and scale Nest’s Sales organization for the future.  You will partner with our Product, Marketing, Finance, Operations, Logistics, Planning, Supply Chain, HR and Legal teams in order to facilitate business initiatives for ongoing business as well as new product introductions. Additionally, you will have exposure and visibility to senior executives and cross-functional leaders as you represent the business in regular reviews and help influence others to move your initiatives forward.The work:  Grow the retail sales volume with existing and new partners in Mexico  Manage the commercial strategy and execution of our country expansion plans in the LATAM region: which countries should we be in? When? How do we launch? Who do we partner with?  Negotiate sell through plans, commercial terms and marketing budgets with our distributors and partners in Latin America  Work directly with the partners as we launch new products  Evaluate channel performance with partners quarterly and find new opportunities to increase sales  Work collaboratively internally to forecast, ensure supply and develop marketing initiatives  Minimum qualifications:   6+ years of Account Management experience working with retailers in Latin American countries  5+ years of commercial negotiation experience  Bachelor's degree or equivalent experience  Ability to travel 40-50% of the time in Latin America and quarterly trips to California (Palo Alto)  Fluent in English, Spanish, and Portuguese (Brazil)  Preferred qualification:  Exceptional verbal and written communication skills  Experience solving challenging commercials issues  Experience collaborating and communicating with diverse clients at all levels of their business  Experience collaborating with cross-functional teams  Comfortable with data analysis and problem solving  Experience with Tableau, Excel, Salesforce, GSuite, Google Analytics  Thrives in a team environment  Enjoys a bit of chaos and is able to sort through it to find solutions 
194	Google	Supplier Development and Quality Engineer, Power Adapter	Xinyi District, Taiwan	description-section:  Responsibilities   Work with cross-functional teams to enable suppliers to build high quality power products supporting from NPI stage to mass production Support supplier onsite build activities to enforce the right processes and techniques in manufacturing power devices Manage end to end supplier quality activities from incoming, in process and outgoing test and inspection to ensure compliance to specification at all times Lead product, process, manufacturing and design issue resolution   Qualifications  Minimum qualifications: BA/BS degree in Electrical or Electronic Engineering or equivalent practical experience. 5 years of experience in manufacturing of power conversion devices Preferred qualifications: Power electronics / engineering background with ability to read schematics and basic circuit analysis. Demonstrated knowledge in power conversion systems and other related component manufacturing - cables, PCB fabrication, magnetics including inductors and transformers. Knowledge of manufacturing test and inspection, first article and GR&R Knowledge of quality tools, DMAIC, statistical process control and other relevant tools in manufacturing. Able to read and analyze schematics and perform test and failure analysis Ability to travel up to 50% of the time ;description-section text: Note: By applying to this position your application is automatically submitted to the following locations: Shanghai, China; Xinyi District, Taipei City, Taiwan 110;description-section text with-benefits: Google has one of the largest and most powerful computing infrastructures in the world. Your team is responsible for providing the manufacturing capability to deliver this state-of-the-art physical infrastructure. As a Manufacturing Engineer, you evaluate the product designs and create the processes, tools and procedures behind Google's powerful search technology. When vendors build parts for our infrastructure, you're right there alongside ensuring manufacturing processes are repeatable and controlled. You collaborate with Commodity Managers and Design Engineers to determine Google's infrastructure needs and product specifications. Your work ensures the various pieces of Google's infrastructure fit together perfectly and keep our systems humming along smoothly for a seamless user experience.Google's mission is to organize the world's information and make it universally accessible and useful. Our Hardware team researches, designs, and develops new technologies and hardware to make our user's interaction with computing faster, more powerful, and seamless. Whether finding new ways to capture and sense the world around us, advancing form factors, or improving interaction methods, our Hardware team is making people's lives better through technology.
195	Google	Innovation (Research) Specialist	Boulder, CO, United States	description-section:  Responsibilities   Inform the yearly research strategy for the Executive Development team. Influence program curriculum and offerings, bringing findings into leadership development experiences, refining the Executive Development research methodology over time. Run research studies end-to-end, including scoping research questions, executing research (both quantitative and qualitative) and packaging results. Curate research findings in unique and provocative ways (white papers, podcasts, etc.). Partner with other research groups at Google to amplify insights across efforts. Bring thought leadership to others across the People Operations community; present research findings to Google’s most senior leaders and to external audiences. Build an annual thought conference from scratch. Leverage creativity, curiosity, and collaboration to investigate undiscovered territory.   Qualifications  Minimum qualifications: Master's degree in a social science field (Anthropology, Liberal Arts, Sociology), or equivalent practical experience. 8 years of relevant experience, particularly in a thought leadership or research role. Experience designing and delivering keynote addresses to executive audiences. Qualitative and quantitative research experience. Preferred qualifications: High-level of critical thinking. Proven ability to make research findings practical and useful. Background in innovation, futurist methods, or other non-traditional research disciplines. Marketing, writing, and/or graphic design background. Demonstrated success in a fast-paced, dynamic work environment. Background in leadership development theory. ;description-section text: Note: By applying to this position your application is automatically submitted to the following locations: Mountain View, CA, USA; San Francisco, CA, USA; Boulder, CO, USA; New York, NY, USA;description-section text with-benefits: Our PeopleDev team works hard to ensure every Googler has access to the resources they need to become their best personal and professional selves. We leverage tools, technology, and innovative formats to scale learning and support Googlers at all stages of their careers — from Noogler Orientation, to manager training, to leadership development, and more. We have four key beliefs about learning — that it is personal, social, a process, and happens in real life — and we infuse these beliefs throughout the wide array of learning and development opportunities at Google. As a PeopleDev team member, you'll always be thinking about new ways to help others grow, and you share a passion for empowering Googlers to unlock their full potential. As a Innovation (Research) Specialist, you’ll conduct studies from inception to completion. This role requires taking on multiple perspectives, refined systems thinking and the ability to make sense out of complex inputs. You have strong understanding of how to translate research findings into practical application. This is not a traditional research job; you will be using a new methodology that is highly qualitative in nature and leverages futurist tools.Great just isn't good enough for our People Operations team (you probably know us better as "Human Resources"). Made up of equal parts HR professionals, former consultants and analysts, we're the champions of Google's colorful culture. In People Ops, we "find them, grow them, and keep them" - we bring the world's most innovative people to Google and provide the programs that help them thrive. Whether recruiting the next great Googler, refining our core programs, developing talent or simply looking for ways to inject some more fun into the lives of our Googlers, we bring a data-driven approach that is reinventing the human resources field.
196	Google	Instructional Designer, Sales Mastery	Cambridge, MA, United States	description-section:  Responsibilities   Collaborate with stakeholders and subject matter experts (SMEs) to understand business needs and translate them into learning and performance objectives, facilitate approvals and gain alignment on content direction, design and details. Lead content collaboration with stakeholders, problem-solving to achieve performance objectives, and resolve issues, risks and quality challenges. Identify and incorporate the most effective and innovative practices in learning delivery including social and peer learning, game-based learning, informal learning, and performance support. Apply best practices in adult learning to design, write, and build a range of high-quality learning experiences, with an emphasis on e-learning, video, animations, serious games, and gamification. Serve as the central point of contact and provide feedback, support, and direction to external vendors who are building learning assets or products for our team. Seek out new learning solutions and bring innovative ideas to individual projects and the team at large. Update and maintain existing content on an ongoing basis. Curate existing content into new learning designs and paths. Upload learning solutions into the learning management system (LMS) and test complete solution in target environments when required.   Qualifications  Minimum qualifications: BA/BS degree in Instructional Design or related field (Technical Writing, Educational Psychology, etc), or equivalent practical experience. 5 years of experience designing, developing and testing e-learning content. Experience with e-learning frameworks such as Adaptive Learning, ADDIE, CCAF, or other learning development approaches. Experience in writing scripts/interview guides for video, editing video, and creative design. Hands-on experience with multiple authoring tools such as Adobe Captivate, Lectora, Articulate Storyline, Adapt and Camtasia. Preferred qualifications: Hands-on experience developing original learning products in HTML5 or other development languages/environments. Experience writing and designing sales training materials, either product or soft skills training, for either in-person or online delivery. Experience designing learning programs (or online media) in the digital marketing industry. Experience making e-learning exciting, fun and social. Fluent in current and emerging adult learning theory and how it is put into practice in corporate learning. Experience in Project Management, with the ability to multi-task and advance activities across multiple concurrent workstreams. Ability to build relationships and collaborate with confidence across functions and levels. Clear understanding of business needs and sensitivity to differences across various groups. Superior editing, writing, and critical reasoning skills; outstanding interpersonal and communication skills and presence. Demonstrated ability to communicate complex concepts concisely and clearly. ;description-section text: Note: By applying to this position your application is automatically submitted to the following locations: Mountain View, CA, USA; Cambridge, MA, USA; Chicago, IL, USA; New York, NY, USA;description-section text with-benefits: The Business Strategy & Operations organization provides business critical insights using analytics, ensures cross functional alignment of goals and execution, and helps teams drive strategic partnerships and new initiatives forward. We stay focused on aligning the highest-level company priorities with strong day-to-day operations, and help evolve early stage ideas into future-growth initiatives. As a member of the Sales Mastery team, you will be critical to helping our sales teams succeed. You will work as part of your team to deliver world-class product training in a creative and exciting way. You will develop innovative and engaging training programs at scale and customize where appropriate (e.g. for role, location, situation). In addition to this, you'll also partner with content and skills experts to bring a cohesive development experience to our Global Business Organization (GBO) Googlers. The Go-to-Market Operations (GtM) team ensures Google's complex and ever-evolving Ads business runs smoothly. We are instrumental in setting go-to-market strategy, and ensuring flawless execution and operations against the strategy. We have teams embedded in each of the major Ads business areas as well as global teams that work across the business areas. Team members are analytical and strategic, with a pragmatic sense of how to get things done.
197	Nest	iOS Applications Engineering Internship - 2018 Summer Nestling Program	Palo Alto, CA, United States	description-section:  Responsibilities   Collaborate with stakeholders and subject matter experts (SMEs) to understand business needs and translate them into learning and performance objectives, facilitate approvals and gain alignment on content direction, design and details. Lead content collaboration with stakeholders, problem-solving to achieve performance objectives, and resolve issues, risks and quality challenges. Identify and incorporate the most effective and innovative practices in learning delivery including social and peer learning, game-based learning, informal learning, and performance support. Apply best practices in adult learning to design, write, and build a range of high-quality learning experiences, with an emphasis on e-learning, video, animations, serious games, and gamification. Serve as the central point of contact and provide feedback, support, and direction to external vendors who are building learning assets or products for our team. Seek out new learning solutions and bring innovative ideas to individual projects and the team at large. Update and maintain existing content on an ongoing basis. Curate existing content into new learning designs and paths. Upload learning solutions into the learning management system (LMS) and test complete solution in target environments when required.   Qualifications  Minimum qualifications: BA/BS degree in Instructional Design or related field (Technical Writing, Educational Psychology, etc), or equivalent practical experience. 5 years of experience designing, developing and testing e-learning content. Experience with e-learning frameworks such as Adaptive Learning, ADDIE, CCAF, or other learning development approaches. Experience in writing scripts/interview guides for video, editing video, and creative design. Hands-on experience with multiple authoring tools such as Adobe Captivate, Lectora, Articulate Storyline, Adapt and Camtasia. Preferred qualifications: Hands-on experience developing original learning products in HTML5 or other development languages/environments. Experience writing and designing sales training materials, either product or soft skills training, for either in-person or online delivery. Experience designing learning programs (or online media) in the digital marketing industry. Experience making e-learning exciting, fun and social. Fluent in current and emerging adult learning theory and how it is put into practice in corporate learning. Experience in Project Management, with the ability to multi-task and advance activities across multiple concurrent workstreams. Ability to build relationships and collaborate with confidence across functions and levels. Clear understanding of business needs and sensitivity to differences across various groups. Superior editing, writing, and critical reasoning skills; outstanding interpersonal and communication skills and presence. Demonstrated ability to communicate complex concepts concisely and clearly. ;description-section text: Note: By applying to this position your application is automatically submitted to the following locations: Mountain View, CA, USA; Cambridge, MA, USA; Chicago, IL, USA; New York, NY, USA;description-section text with-benefits:  With hundreds of thousands of Nest customers touching our apps daily to make their homes and their families safer, more comfortable, and more energy efficient, every member of our team has an opportunity to make a BIG impact and know that the apps they develop will receive lots of visibility, both internally and externally.If you’re passionate about good design, itching to build truly great iOS applications, and work with a top-notch engineering team, this is your ticket! As an iOS Applications Intern, projects may include implementing high-level user interfaces, optimizing the user experience, developing new and innovative features, fixing problems and troubleshooting, and enhancing product performance.  Minimum qualifications:  Currently pursuing a Bachelor’s, Master’s, or Ph.D. in Engineering, Computer Science, Math, or related technical field  Preferred qualifications:  Experience developing native iOS Applications  Understanding of Objective-C/Cocoa application development  A passion and curiosity for creating and building things  The ability to thrive in a collaborative team  Strong communication skills 
198				description-section:  Responsibilities   Be responsible for the deployment and operation of Google's FTTH build in a metropolitan area. Lead all Deployment and Operational team members within a metropolitan area. Ensure alignment between various parts of the customer network deployment from design all the way to service delivery. Ensure the best local network is designed, built, and maintained with speed and within business goals. Work with city management to ensure business targets are met. Coordinate with city officials, jurisdictional authorities and utility representatives. Manage proposals, bids, scope definition, engineering design cycles and design review and approvals for a FTTH network, specifically, the selection of EPC vendors. Develop and grow a talented Deployment team.   Qualifications  Minimum qualifications: BA/BS degree in Economics, Management, Engineering, Telecommunications or a closely related field, or equivalent practical experience. 5 years of experience with Fiber to the Home (FTTH) infrastructure, and experience in construction on new outside and inside plant (OSP/ISP) fiber infrastructure. Experience in managing a team of professionals working towards strategic goals. Experience in managing contractor performance. Preferred qualifications:  MBA or Master's degree in Technology. 10 years of experience with fiber network deployments. Experience developing requests for proposal (RFPs), scheduling projects, cost engineering, budgeting and forecasting costs, reporting project status and costs, procurement and consulting with contractors and vendors. Knowledge of inside and outside plant fiber optic network infrastructure, and engineering design and construction. Knowledge of network drawings, route maps and scopes of work, interpreting fiber test results and auditing projects for compliance with scopes of work. Familiarity with GPON and Ethernet optical access technologies and DWDM optical transport systems. Familiarity with other network transmission protocols and in-home network architecture. ;description-section text: Note: By applying to this position your application is automatically submitted to the following locations: Mountain View, CA, USA; Cambridge, MA, USA; Chicago, IL, USA; New York, NY, USA;description-section text with-benefits: Google's projects, like our users, span the globe and require managers to keep the big picture in focus. As a Network Deployment and Operations Lead at Google, you lead complex, multi-disciplinary projects. You plan requirements with internal customers and usher projects through the entire project lifecycle. This includes managing project schedules, identifying risks and clearly communicating goals to project stakeholders. Your projects often span offices, time zones and hemispheres, and it's your job to keep all the players coordinated on the project's progress and deadlines. With the Google Access team, you’ll work on cross-product and cross-team initiatives, working closely teams to refine and evolve our projects, as well as deploy new technologies to markets and communities around the globe. You like being on-the-ground, executing complex projects that bring internet access to people. At Access, our mission is to create abundant internet on networks that are always fast and always open. Google Fiber provides superfast Internet to homes in 9 metro areas across the U.S. We want to bring Google Fiber to customers even faster, so we’re focused on making deployment more efficient and less intrusive.
199	Google	Software Engineer, University Graduate	München, Germany	description-section:  Responsibilities   Research, conceive and develop software applications to extend and improve on Google's product offering Contribute to a wide variety of projects utilizing natural language processing, artificial intelligence, data compression, machine learning and search technologies Collaborate on scalability issues involving access to massive amounts of data and information   Qualifications  Minimum qualifications: BSc/BA degree in Computer Science, Information Technology, Engineering, or a related field or equivalent practical experience. Experience in engineering/programming in Java or C++. Completed projects (inside or outside of school) or classes focused on Data Structures and Algorithms resulting in the ability to select and implement an algorithm, using appropriate data structures to efficiently solve a problem; interpreting algorithms and contributing ideas to their development.  Preferred qualifications: MSc degree or PhD Experience with large-scale distributed systems, networking, and related software infrastructure. Familiarity with programming/scripting (C++, Java, Python, Perl, JavaScript, shell) languages, especially in Linux/Unix and browser-based environments Background in web applications, mobile applications, and multi-tiered systems will be advantageous. ;description-section text: Note: By applying to this position your application is automatically submitted to the following locations: Mountain View, CA, USA; Cambridge, MA, USA; Chicago, IL, USA; New York, NY, USA;description-section text with-benefits: Google's software engineers develop the next-generation technologies that change how billions of users connect, explore, and interact with information and one another. Our products need to handle information at massive scale, and extend well beyond web search. We're looking for engineers who bring fresh ideas from all areas, including information retrieval, distributed computing, large-scale system design, networking and data storage, security, artificial intelligence, natural language processing, UI design and mobile; the list goes on and is growing every day. As a software engineer, you will work on a specific project critical to Google’s needs with opportunities to switch teams and projects as you and our fast-paced business grow and evolve. We need our engineers to be versatile, display leadership qualities and be enthusiastic to handle new problems across the full-stack as we continue to push technology forward. As a key member of a small and versatile team, you design, test, deploy and maintain software solutions.Google is and always will be an engineering company. We hire people with a broad set of technical skills who are ready to take on some of technology's greatest challenges and make an impact on millions, if not billions, of users. At Google, engineers not only revolutionize search, they routinely work on massive scalability and storage solutions, large-scale applications and entirely new platforms for developers around the world. From AdWords to Chrome, Android to YouTube, Social to Local, Google engineers are changing the world one technological achievement after another.
200	Google	Supplier Development Engineer, Packaging	Shanghai, China	description-section:  Responsibilities   Work with supplier and cross functional team members to develop retail packaging for fully build consumer electronics devices focusing on quality manufacturing processes. Support the implementation of required manufacturing processes with supplier and mitigate supply risk. Manage the development and implementation of quality control plan required for supplier’s factory. Improve yield and delivery of quality packaging. Lead root causing and corrective action for manufacturing defects.   Qualifications  Minimum qualifications: Bachelor's degree or equivalent practical experience. 7 years of experience in printed retail packaging manufacturing related to consumer electronics industry. Preferred qualifications: Knowledge in printed retail packaging manufacturing processes and design. Knowledgeable in retail type electronic device packaging manufacturing quality control. Skills in troubleshooting, statistical process control, failure analysis and program management. Familiar in color control and press check. Ability to travel to meet suppliers and co-workers away from office 50% of your work days. Ability to speak in Chinese and English fluently. ;description-section text: For immediate consideration, please send a text (ASCII), HTML, PDF or DOC version of your resume in English to jobs@google.com. Important: The subject field of your email must include Supplier Development Engineer, Packaging - Shanghai.;description-section text with-benefits: Google has one of the largest and most powerful computing infrastructures in the world. Your team is responsible for providing the manufacturing capability to deliver this state-of-the-art physical infrastructure. As a Manufacturing Engineer, you evaluate the product designs and create the processes, tools and procedures behind Google's powerful search technology. When vendors build parts for our infrastructure, you're right there alongside ensuring manufacturing processes are repeatable and controlled. You collaborate with Commodity Managers and Design Engineers to determine Google's infrastructure needs and product specifications. Your work ensures the various pieces of Google's infrastructure fit together perfectly and keep our systems humming along smoothly for a seamless user experience. The web is what you make of it, and the Chrome and Apps team is helping the world make more of the web. From open-source pros to user-experience extraordinaires, the team develops products like Chrome OS, Gmail and Google Docs that help users connect, communicate and collaborate with others. Our consumer products and Enterprise platforms are giving millions of users at homes, businesses, universities and nonprofits around the world the tools that shape their web experience -- and changing the way they think about computing.
201	Google	Human Factors Researcher	Mountain View, CA, United States	description-section:  Responsibilities   Conduct literature reviews, run competitive analyses, design, run and interpret qualitative and quantitative user studies. Manage studies for HF and ergonomics/UX/UI/usability studies, Out Of the Box Experience (OOBE) studies and early exploration contextual studies in the field. Prepare user testing activities (e.g. create screener, recruit participants, lab setup, coordinate support materials, etc). Run user research sessions in lab or in the field; convey findings and formulate recommendations with a strong point of view; establish rapport with stakeholders, understand their requests and present research findings that address their questions. Collaborate with other Researchers on reviewing study plans, suggesting methodologies, assisting with data analysis.   Qualifications  Minimum qualifications: BA/BS degree in Industrial Design, Product Design or Mechanical Engineering, or equivalent practical experience. 3 years of experience conducting user research. 1 year of experience working with hardware and/or wearables. Experience working with anthropometric databases, and with qualitative and experimental research methods. Preferred qualifications:  Master's degree in Human Factors with a focus on physical ergonomics. Familiarity with basic graphic and video editing tools; Understanding of statistical methods’ strengths and weaknesses. Understanding of strengths and shortcomings of different qualitative and experimental research methods, including when and how to apply them during each product development phase. Ability to operate independently, with flexibility and prioritize time between multiple projects. Ability to understand the strategic impact of contribution to overall project. Ability to anticipate the needs of a team and escalate them to manager. Excellent observational, interpersonal, oral and written communication, as well as collaboration skills. ;description-section text: For immediate consideration, please send a text (ASCII), HTML, PDF or DOC version of your resume in English to jobs@google.com. Important: The subject field of your email must include Supplier Development Engineer, Packaging - Shanghai.;description-section text with-benefits: Researchers work to answer the most challenging questions in design. In this role, you will reveal what our users need from our products by conducting primary research, exploring the behaviors and motivations of our users, and working with teams of Designers, Product Managers, Engineers and others to develop new features. You’ll inspire change at all stages of product development by delivering exciting oral, written and visual presentations about our findings. Most importantly, your job as a researcher is to help the UX team understand what would make a user’s experiences feel more intuitive, accessible, fun—and even magical.With considerable experience, you evaluate all the features contributing to user experience, providing expertise, collaborating internally and occasionally leading projects. You contribute new processes and identify product and use requirements. Nested within the Industrial Design team, the Human Factors (HF) practice aims to provide hands-on research insights that directly impact design decisions and strategic planning. Our focus is to make sure our portfolio products fit into people’s lifestyle by being intuitive, purposeful and comfortable to use.  We are passionate about finding out how users understand, wear, store, share, integrate the most indispensable objects in their life. In addition to looking at user research through a physical lense (ergonomics/ human factors, anthropometry, biomechanics), we also strive to learn everything we can about users’ goals and needs, attitudes and emotions to help define the products and experiences we create. HF is one of the critical driving forces behind gathering these insights and then using them to inspire and inform design. We collaborate closely with Design, Engineering and Product Management to create innovative, usable, great-looking products that people love to use.  As a HF Researcher, you will have the opportunity to support our practice in developing innovative, user-friendly products. You are a Human Factors expert with excellent communication skills, and are diligent, detail-oriented and can work independently.Google's mission is to organize the world's information and make it universally accessible and useful. Only one thing consistently stands in the way between our users and the world's information - hardware. Our Hardware team researches, designs, and develops new technologies and hardware to make our user's interaction with computing faster, more powerful, and seamless. Whether finding new ways to capture and sense the world around us, advancing form factors, or improving interaction methods, our Hardware team is making people's lives better through technology.
202	Nest	Senior Video and Embedded Engineer - Nest Camera	Palo Alto, CA, United States	description-section:  Responsibilities   Conduct literature reviews, run competitive analyses, design, run and interpret qualitative and quantitative user studies. Manage studies for HF and ergonomics/UX/UI/usability studies, Out Of the Box Experience (OOBE) studies and early exploration contextual studies in the field. Prepare user testing activities (e.g. create screener, recruit participants, lab setup, coordinate support materials, etc). Run user research sessions in lab or in the field; convey findings and formulate recommendations with a strong point of view; establish rapport with stakeholders, understand their requests and present research findings that address their questions. Collaborate with other Researchers on reviewing study plans, suggesting methodologies, assisting with data analysis.   Qualifications  Minimum qualifications: BA/BS degree in Industrial Design, Product Design or Mechanical Engineering, or equivalent practical experience. 3 years of experience conducting user research. 1 year of experience working with hardware and/or wearables. Experience working with anthropometric databases, and with qualitative and experimental research methods. Preferred qualifications:  Master's degree in Human Factors with a focus on physical ergonomics. Familiarity with basic graphic and video editing tools; Understanding of statistical methods’ strengths and weaknesses. Understanding of strengths and shortcomings of different qualitative and experimental research methods, including when and how to apply them during each product development phase. Ability to operate independently, with flexibility and prioritize time between multiple projects. Ability to understand the strategic impact of contribution to overall project. Ability to anticipate the needs of a team and escalate them to manager. Excellent observational, interpersonal, oral and written communication, as well as collaboration skills. ;description-section text: For immediate consideration, please send a text (ASCII), HTML, PDF or DOC version of your resume in English to jobs@google.com. Important: The subject field of your email must include Supplier Development Engineer, Packaging - Shanghai.;description-section text with-benefits:  The Nest Camera team is looking for an Video Engineer to help grow and improve the video related software and ecosystem at Nest. The ideal candidate has experience with hardware video encoders and decoders, video streaming, embedded systems, network programming, and has strong C++ programming skills.  The Camera team at Nest is responsible for software that runs on all Nest cams. We partner closely with various teams at nest to provide a great set of camera features and deliver a best in class camera experience to our ever growing set of Nest cam users. The work: Work on implementing and improving video related features on Nest Cams  Work closely with Silicon vendors to define and iterate on next-generation camera video capabilities  Work with partner team to define, scope, and implement improvement and new capabilities related to video and audio  Build great software to provide an exceptional experience for our customers Minimum qualifications: BA/BS degree in Computer Science, Electrical Engineering, Computer Engineering, or equivalent practical experience  3+ years of C++ programming experience  3+ year of experience with Video technologies (H.264, H.265 etc)  3+ years of Network programming experience  1+ years of experience working on embedded systems Preferred qualifications: Experience working on consumer products  Experience working on video in cloud applications  Experience with video playback on the web or mobile devices  Experience with Embedded Linux and Android  Experience with streaming technologies (RTSP, Wowza, MPEG-Dash, HLS etc) and network protocols  Passion for Video and Audio  Passion for technology and connected cameras 
203	Google	Performance Solutions Lead, Agency	Gurugram, India	description-section:  Responsibilities   Manage a portfolio of agencies and advertisers. Manage C-Level relationships, ensuring clients are equipped to craft the right performance advertising approach using Google performance platform and products. Focus on enhancing adoption, deployment of our search products and innovations in an efficient and accelerated manner within agencies. Manage agency plans, presentations and programs to support business growth and share of advertising plan goals. Manage and lead a team of Search Solutions maintaining and contributing to team members career development, job delight while maintaining the inclusive and diverse work culture at Google.   Qualifications  Minimum qualifications: 10 years of digital media, sales and/or product experience. 5 years of experience working within the performance media business. Experience with agency and client-facing media sales/solutions on performance products working towards strategic goals. Preferred qualifications: Understanding of AdWords, Google Analytics, third-party performance and programmatic solutions. Ability to prioritize and complete multiple tasks swiftly, and follow through with team members to achieve group and individual goals. Ability to work with wide cross-functional teams and manage stakeholders across teams. Excellent leadership, consultative, public speaking, storytelling and facilitation skills. Ability to collaborate with Planners, Media Planners and Technologists. Effective communication and presentation skills. ;description-section text: For immediate consideration, please send a text (ASCII), HTML, PDF or DOC version of your resume in English to jobs@google.com. Important: The subject field of your email must include Supplier Development Engineer, Packaging - Shanghai.;description-section text with-benefits: Businesses that partner with Google come in all shapes, sizes and market caps, and no one Google advertising solution works for all. Your knowledge of online media combined with your communication skills and analytical abilities shapes how new and existing business grow. Using your influencing and relationship-building skills, you provide Google-caliber client service, research and market analysis. You anticipate how decisions are made, persistently explore and uncover the business needs of Google's key clients and understand how our range of product offerings can grow their business. Working with them, you set the vision and the strategy for how their advertising can reach thousands of users. As an Agency Performance Solutions Lead, you will manage a sub-team within Agency Sales at Google. The team helps take Search advertising innovations and turns them into solutions that enable our customers to get the most out of their spend with Google. The Agency Performance Solutions team partners with agencies externally and internally across Google sellers, product specialists, product capability, advertiser tech solutions and marketing helping deliver a cohesive and impactful Go-to-Market for performance in-market.Our Large Customer Sales teams partner closely with many of the world’s biggest advertisers and agencies to develop digital solutions that build strong businesses and brands. We enjoy a bird’s eye view on the massive transformation occurring as advertising shifts to mobile and online platforms. We're uniquely situated to help shape how companies grow their businesses in the digital age. We advise clients on Google's broad range of products across search, video and mobile to help them connect instantly and seamlessly with their audiences.
204	Nest	Core Services Engineer	Kirkland, WA, United States	description-section:  Responsibilities   Manage a portfolio of agencies and advertisers. Manage C-Level relationships, ensuring clients are equipped to craft the right performance advertising approach using Google performance platform and products. Focus on enhancing adoption, deployment of our search products and innovations in an efficient and accelerated manner within agencies. Manage agency plans, presentations and programs to support business growth and share of advertising plan goals. Manage and lead a team of Search Solutions maintaining and contributing to team members career development, job delight while maintaining the inclusive and diverse work culture at Google.   Qualifications  Minimum qualifications: 10 years of digital media, sales and/or product experience. 5 years of experience working within the performance media business. Experience with agency and client-facing media sales/solutions on performance products working towards strategic goals. Preferred qualifications: Understanding of AdWords, Google Analytics, third-party performance and programmatic solutions. Ability to prioritize and complete multiple tasks swiftly, and follow through with team members to achieve group and individual goals. Ability to work with wide cross-functional teams and manage stakeholders across teams. Excellent leadership, consultative, public speaking, storytelling and facilitation skills. Ability to collaborate with Planners, Media Planners and Technologists. Effective communication and presentation skills. ;description-section text: For immediate consideration, please send a text (ASCII), HTML, PDF or DOC version of your resume in English to jobs@google.com. Important: The subject field of your email must include Supplier Development Engineer, Packaging - Shanghai.;description-section text with-benefits:  As a Software Engineer in our Core Services team, you will be responsible for building the infrastructure backbone of the conscious home, along with product-specific services that enable end-user features. You will design highly reliable systems within our distributed environment. You’ll be responsible for millions of people living better lives through thoughtful things.   The work:  Develop high quality, highly available systems within Nest’s service oriented architecture  Write clear, maintainable, and performant code  Projects include real time data synchronization, identity management, large-scale data processing frameworks, and service endpoints for web, embedded, and mobile clients  Tame the inherent complexity of distributed systems by keeping designs simple, measuring runtime behavior, and making continuous improvements based on operational experience  Work cross functionally with Product Marketing, TechOps, and Integration Engineering  Minimum qualifications:  Bachelor’s degree (or higher) in Computer Science, Mathematics, Statistics, or related field  Preferred qualifications:  Experience building high quality distributed systems or backend services  Proficiency in designing, building, and debugging distributed systems  Demonstrated JVM experience  Familiarity with one or more common web framework such as the Play framework  Comfortable working on Linux-based systems  A passion and curiosity for creating and building things 
205	Google	Platform Account Manager, DoubleClick	Mumbai, India	description-section:  Responsibilities   Meet/exceed business growth targets on customer portfolio (top marketers and advertising agencies in India) by maximizing adoption/usage of the DoubleClick Platform. Lead presentations and quarterly business reviews to Key Accounts. Identify potential/new customers opportunities, structure proposals (including offer, pricing, legal and operational implications) working with internal support functions, negotiate agreements. Create relationships within the customers organization at all levels including senior executives, direct and indirect users of the product, and usage/repurchase decision makers. Be the first point of contact for customers around all key areas (training, product enhancement, global/regional campaign) and lead cross-functional effort to identify and solve any issues.   Qualifications  Minimum qualifications: Bachelor's degree or equivalent practical experience. 4 years of relationship management experience, in media, marketing or advertising.  Preferred qualifications: Strong experience in driving new business and/or account management experience in online advertising, or a combination of both. Experience in building relationships at various levels, with the ability to influence others. Strong familiarity with digital media buying and selling processes. Solid knowledge of advertising technologies including Ad Serving, Rich Media, Search Management, Real Time Bidding, Demand Side-Platforms, Supply-Side Platforms, and Ad Exchanges. Demonstrated success at working with cross-functional teams and building strong relationships across internal teams. Ability to understand and absorb complex technical concepts and communicate them to a non-technical audience effectively. Exceptional written and verbal communication skills.  ;description-section text: Note: By applying to this position your application is automatically submitted to the following locations: Gurugram, Haryana, India; Mumbai, Maharashtra, India;description-section text with-benefits: Businesses that partner with Google come in all shapes, sizes and market caps, and no one Google advertising solution works for all. Your knowledge of online media combined with your communication skills and analytical abilities shapes how new and existing business grow. Using your influencing and relationship-building skills, you provide Google-caliber client service, research and market analysis. You anticipate how decisions are made, persistently explore and uncover the business needs of Google's key clients and understand how our range of product offerings can grow their business. Working with them, you set the vision and the strategy for how their advertising can reach thousands of users. As Platform Account Manager you are responsible for generating business for our DoubleClick Digital Marketing (DDM) suite with major direct advertisers and large agencies.  You will be responsible for winning and managing existing key clients across our suite of buy-side products (DoubleClick Campaign Manager, DoubleClick Bid Manager, DoubleClick Search, Rich Media and Google Analytics) and consult clients on data driven audience buying solutions. You are an expert at managing complex client relationships and long business cycles. This includes managing these relationships on an ongoing basis and ensuring overall client satisfaction e.g. by coordinating the implementation and ramping process or driving client requests and feedback through internal channels.  You bring a solid understanding of the digital marketing industry, experience with complex technology solutions and the ability to drive product adoption to help your customers grow.  Real Time Advertising and Programmatic as a game changer will be the center of gravity for you.  As a leader in the Media Technology Solutions team, you will be responsible for driving business growth for Google’s ad technology platform, DoubleClick Digital Marketing, amongst India’s top digital marketers and agencies.  With a strong consulting focus and solution oriented approach, you will develop strategies to identify and approach specific verticals/segments, and pursue prospects throughout the business cycle. You will be negotiating and securing agreements for new customers, and helping ensure customers’ complete adoption and satisfaction with the DoubleClick suite of buying solutions.  The Account Manager role is focused on consulting and change management, interacting with clients at the C-level. The role requires cross-functional coordination with other Google teams, working closely with technical consultants and support teams, Marketing, Billing and Collections teams, all the while ensuring close coordination with the other regional teams.New Product Solutions is the link between Google’s Product and Sales organizations. We turn product innovations into client solutions that enable our customers to get the most out of Google’s advertising products and the web. We partner with Sales team members in building the strongest commercial strategy, and we equip customer-facing Googlers with essential product expertise. We are fascinated by all things digital and passionate about shaping the quickly evolving world of online advertising.
206	Google	Software Engineer, Tools and Infrastructure, University Graduate	Mountain View, CA, United States	description-section:  Responsibilities   Collaborate with engineers through the entire software development lifecycle to solve complex engineering problems in tools and testing. Develop advanced automated testing frameworks. Develop tooling and infrastructure to help engineering teams measure and increase their velocity. Conduct research on emerging technologies.   Qualifications  Minimum qualifications: BA/BS degree in Computer Science or related technical field, or equivalent practical experience. Experience in writing code fixes and tools to solve problems in C, C++, C#, Java, JavaScript, Go or Python (e.g., removing duplicate elements from a list) and experience in optimizing code for stability, functionality and scalability (e.g., crawling, search, troubleshooting). Experience or previous project assignments with Data Structures and Algorithms (i.e. selecting and implementing an algorithm, using data structures to solve a problem.); experience with algorithms that improve a product’s capabilities, speed, efficiency or reliability. Experience with data structures, branching, function-calls, and conditionals as well as debugging code and submitting the appropriate fix. Preferred qualifications: Previous tech internships or relevant work experience programming in C, C++, C#, Java, JavaScript, Go or Python. Experience developing thorough testing solutions across testing layers (e.g., unit, functional, integration, stress testing) for your code, using one or more of the following: C, C++, C#, Java, JavaScript, Go, or Python. Demonstrated experience programming in 2 or more of the above languages: C, C++, C#, Java, JavaScript, Go or Python. Experience manipulating code to improve system availability and latency; Experience with improving inventing or proving the value of new algorithms that improve a product's capabilities, speed, efficiency and reliability. Skill in isolating problems to a database subsystem. ;description-section text: Note: By applying to this position your application is automatically submitted to the following locations: Gurugram, Haryana, India; Mumbai, Maharashtra, India;description-section text with-benefits: A line of code can be many things - an amazing feature, a beautiful UI, a transformative algorithm. The faster this line of code reaches millions of users, the sooner it impacts their lives. As a Software Engineer, Tools and Infrastructure, you will be at the heart of Google’s engineering process building software that empowers engineering teams to develop and deliver high quality products quickly. We are focused on solving the hardest, most interesting challenges of developing software at scale without sacrificing stability, quality, velocity or code health.  We ensure Google's success by partnering with engineering teams and developing scalable tools and infrastructure that help engineers develop, test, debug and release software quickly. We impact thousands of Googlers and billions of users by increasing the pace of product development and ensuring our products are thoroughly tested. Expect to learn best practices for code health, testability and maintainability - critical skills for early career software engineers.  Having access to all of Google's platforms and vast compute resources provides a unique opportunity to grow as an engineer. We typically work in small, nimble teams that collaborate on common problems across products and focus areas. As a result, the exposure to this broad set of problems provides diverse technical challenges as well as accelerated career growth. Google is and always will be an engineering company. We hire people with a broad set of technical skills who are ready to take on some of technology's greatest challenges and make an impact on millions, if not billions, of users. At Google, engineers not only revolutionize search, they routinely work on massive scalability and storage solutions, large-scale applications and entirely new platforms for developers around the world. From AdWords to Chrome, Android to YouTube, Social to Local, Google engineers are changing the world one technological achievement after another.
207	Google	Retail Store Operations Manager, Hardware Partnerships	Toronto, ON, Canada	description-section:  Responsibilities   Manage daily operations for Google’s retail presence. Distill insights, obtain leadership support and lead cross-functional initiatives to drive the business forward (e.g pilot new approaches). Develop key relationships and influence US retailer and carrier partners. Manage third-party vendor resources to deliver upon goals and agreement terms   Qualifications  Minimum qualifications: Bachelor's degree or equivalent practical experience. 5 years of experience in carrier channel field merchandising and operations. Experience managing vendor field teams. Experience with merchandising process (design, install, maintenance) of in-store fixtures and demos. Preferred qualifications: Master’s degree. Understanding of end-to-end merchandising process (from messaging to refresh). Existing relationships with Customer Engagement retailers. Excellent communication, problem-solving and leadership skills. ;description-section text: Note: By applying to this position your application is automatically submitted to the following locations: Gurugram, Haryana, India; Mumbai, Maharashtra, India;description-section text with-benefits: The Hardware Sales Operations team is responsible for the business planning and sales forecasting process throughout a hardware product’s lifecycle, from conception to end-of-life. We work with a variety of stakeholders from sales to supply chain to marketing, to launch new products with our third-party partners as well as with the Google Store. As a Google Store Operations Manager, your main goal is to provide the best in-store experience for our consumer hardware products across our retail and carrier partners in Canada. In collaboration with cross-functional teams, you will manage in-store merchandising programs including planograms, fixtures and messaging. You will manage fixture deployment and maintenance process to make sure our brand is well represented and we meet our business goals. You partner closely with cross-functional stakeholders in Sales and Retail Marketing to design and implement distinctive Store programs. The Hardware Partnerships team was formed with the purpose of bringing the best of Google’s software and hardware to our users by bringing to market and distributing a Google-branded hardware portfolio. The team is responsible for managing all partnerships with carriers, retailers and resellers worldwide. This includes the partnerships for products such as Pixel, Daydream View, Google Wifi, Chromecast Ultra and Google Home.
208	Google	Strategy and Insights Manager, Retail and Energy	Melbourne, Australia	description-section:  Responsibilities   Develop a unique point of view and narrative for Google and advocate within the industry. Lead strategic planning for the industry vertical, identifying client issues and opportunities for Google. Develop insights (qualitative/quantitative) using a variety of internal and external sources; in some cases leading consumer-focused primary research programs. Partner with the team to translate the plan into action that will drive a business outcome for your Google team. Engage and influence senior internal and external relationships; build, customize and deliver solutions through the appropriate forums (e.g. workshops, presentations, promotions) to achieve strategic goals.   Qualifications  Minimum qualifications: BA/BS degree or equivalent practical experience. 7 years of experience in digital marketing, account planning, marketing research and/or consulting. Preferred qualifications: Experience managing first and third-party research and tools. Industry expertise and understanding of customer value chain. Deep understanding of digital landscape, including digital marketing. Strong communications, project management, interpersonal, analytical and organizational skills. ;description-section text: Note: By applying to this position your application is automatically submitted to the following locations: Gurugram, Haryana, India; Mumbai, Maharashtra, India;description-section text with-benefits: Businesses that partner with Google come in all shapes, sizes and market caps, and no one Google advertising solution works for all. Your knowledge of online media combined with your communication skills and analytical abilities shapes how new and existing business grow. Using your influencing and relationship-building skills, you provide Google-caliber client service, research and market analysis. You anticipate how decisions are made, persistently explore and uncover the business needs of Google's key clients and understand how our range of product offerings can grow their business. Working with them, you set the vision and the strategy for how their advertising can reach thousands of users. You will work within the Google Retail and Energy industry teams to define a strategy for partnering with the leaders of many of Australia’s largest organizations to build strong relationships and deliver against strategic goals using Google’s platforms. Using a strategic approach, strong problem solving mindset and eagerness to get to the vital issue, you’ll help your team identify and solve client and industry-wide challenges. You’ll be an expert in developing powerful industry and consumer insights and turning them into compelling stories that inspire internal and external stakeholders to think differently.Our Large Customer Sales teams partner closely with many of the world’s biggest advertisers and agencies to develop digital solutions that build strong businesses and brands. We enjoy a bird’s eye view on the massive transformation occurring as advertising shifts to mobile and online platforms. We're uniquely situated to help shape how companies grow their businesses in the digital age. We advise clients on Google's broad range of products across search, video and mobile to help them connect instantly and seamlessly with their audiences.
209	Google	Platform Account Manager, DoubleClick	Gurugram, India	description-section:  Responsibilities   Meet/exceed business growth targets on customer portfolio (top marketers and advertising agencies in India) by maximizing adoption/usage of the DoubleClick Platform. Lead presentations and quarterly business reviews to Key Accounts. Identify potential/new customers opportunities, structure proposals (including offer, pricing, legal and operational implications) working with internal support functions, negotiate agreements. Create relationships within the customers organization at all levels including senior executives, direct and indirect users of the product, and usage/repurchase decision makers. Be the first point of contact for customers around all key areas (training, product enhancement, global/regional campaign) and lead cross-functional effort to identify and solve any issues.   Qualifications  Minimum qualifications: Bachelor's degree or equivalent practical experience. 4 years of relationship management experience, in media, marketing or advertising.  Preferred qualifications: Strong experience in driving new business and/or account management experience in online advertising, or a combination of both. Experience in building relationships at various levels, with the ability to influence others. Strong familiarity with digital media buying and selling processes. Solid knowledge of advertising technologies including Ad Serving, Rich Media, Search Management, Real Time Bidding, Demand Side-Platforms, Supply-Side Platforms, and Ad Exchanges. Demonstrated success at working with cross-functional teams and building strong relationships across internal teams. Ability to understand and absorb complex technical concepts and communicate them to a non-technical audience effectively. Exceptional written and verbal communication skills.  ;description-section text: Note: By applying to this position your application is automatically submitted to the following locations: Gurugram, Haryana, India; Mumbai, Maharashtra, India;description-section text with-benefits: Businesses that partner with Google come in all shapes, sizes and market caps, and no one Google advertising solution works for all. Your knowledge of online media combined with your communication skills and analytical abilities shapes how new and existing business grow. Using your influencing and relationship-building skills, you provide Google-caliber client service, research and market analysis. You anticipate how decisions are made, persistently explore and uncover the business needs of Google's key clients and understand how our range of product offerings can grow their business. Working with them, you set the vision and the strategy for how their advertising can reach thousands of users. As Platform Account Manager you are responsible for generating business for our DoubleClick Digital Marketing (DDM) suite with major direct advertisers and large agencies.  You will be responsible for winning and managing existing key clients across our suite of buy-side products (DoubleClick Campaign Manager, DoubleClick Bid Manager, DoubleClick Search, Rich Media and Google Analytics) and consult clients on data driven audience buying solutions. You are an expert at managing complex client relationships and long business cycles. This includes managing these relationships on an ongoing basis and ensuring overall client satisfaction e.g. by coordinating the implementation and ramping process or driving client requests and feedback through internal channels.  You bring a solid understanding of the digital marketing industry, experience with complex technology solutions and the ability to drive product adoption to help your customers grow.  Real Time Advertising and Programmatic as a game changer will be the center of gravity for you.  As a leader in the Media Technology Solutions team, you will be responsible for driving business growth for Google’s ad technology platform, DoubleClick Digital Marketing, amongst India’s top digital marketers and agencies.  With a strong consulting focus and solution oriented approach, you will develop strategies to identify and approach specific verticals/segments, and pursue prospects throughout the business cycle. You will be negotiating and securing agreements for new customers, and helping ensure customers’ complete adoption and satisfaction with the DoubleClick suite of buying solutions.  The Account Manager role is focused on consulting and change management, interacting with clients at the C-level. The role requires cross-functional coordination with other Google teams, working closely with technical consultants and support teams, Marketing, Billing and Collections teams, all the while ensuring close coordination with the other regional teams.New Product Solutions is the link between Google’s Product and Sales organizations. We turn product innovations into client solutions that enable our customers to get the most out of Google’s advertising products and the web. We partner with Sales team members in building the strongest commercial strategy, and we equip customer-facing Googlers with essential product expertise. We are fascinated by all things digital and passionate about shaping the quickly evolving world of online advertising.
210	Google	Strategic Agency Consultant, Google Marketing Solutions (Turkish)	Dublin, Ireland	description-section:  Responsibilities   Collaborate and consult with agencies in Turkey with the goal of extending relationships, increasing our client and agency base and optimizing advertising investment. Work consistently towards strategic goals on new and existing business, while prioritizing and delivering an outstanding business experience to Google's managed agency partners. Build compelling, data-driven long-term agency plans leveraging market insights and research. Synchronize agency plans with our agency pod and internal cross-functional teams to further develop our agencies. Be an ongoing trusted thought partner for executive C/B-level down to specific account teams including Media Planners and Buyers on strategic initiatives and agency-level planning. Analyze data trends and client performance, develop solid strategic business plans and prepare/conduct strategic pitches and business presentations.   Qualifications  Minimum qualifications: BA/BS degree or equivalent practical experience. Business strategy and stakeholder management experience. Ability to speak and write in English and Turkish fluently and idiomatically. Preferred qualifications: Experience in advertising sales, digital marketing, consulting, brand marketing, or in a fast-paced media agency environment. Experience improving business relationships and successfully developing new business opportunities. Demonstrated ability to think strategically about complex issues and to develop recommendations and action plans. Demonstrated ability to lead and manage multiple projects with a broad range of internal and external constituents simultaneously. Established relationships and presence with performance agencies or traditional media agencies. ;description-section text: Note: By applying to this position your application is automatically submitted to the following locations: Gurugram, Haryana, India; Mumbai, Maharashtra, India;description-section text with-benefits: Businesses that partner with Google come in all shapes, sizes and market caps, and no one Google advertising solution works for all. Your knowledge of online media combined with your communication skills and analytical abilities shapes how new and existing business grow. Using your influencing and relationship-building skills, you provide Google-caliber client service, research and market analysis. You anticipate how decisions are made, persistently explore and uncover the business needs of Google's key clients and understand how our range of product offerings can grow their business. Working with them, you set the vision and the strategy for how their advertising can reach thousands of users. The Traditional Media Agency (TMA) Team is responsible for driving incremental business growth via our full-service, creative and media agency partners. As a member of the Google Marketing Solutions (GMS) team, you will provide the management, analytical and sales direction required to drive the advertiser, acquisition, and overall business growth of the agency landscape in country.  You'll collaborate closely with agency representatives, identify growth and business-development opportunities, and advocate for new Google products and technologies throughout the agency. You'll also develop and manage strong relationships with agency influencers and decision-makers, driving scalable product adoption and business growth across the broader portfolio of agency-managed accounts. Moreover, you will develop the acquisition capabilities of our agencies in order to accelerate business growth.  Among your many attributes, you are persuasive with demonstrated leadership skills, and adept at solving challenges and explaining complex issues.When our millions of advertisers and publishers are happy, so are we! Our Google Marketing Solutions (GMS) team of entrepreneurial, enthusiastic and client-focused members are the "human face" of Google, helping entrepreneurs both individually and broadly build their online presence and grow their businesses. We are dedicated to growing the unique needs of advertising companies. Our teams of strategists, analysts, advisers and support specialists collaborate closely to spot and analyze customer needs and trends. Together, we create and implement business plans broadly for every type of businesses.
211	Google	Regional Strategy and Operations Manager, Google Marketing Solutions, Americas	Mountain View, CA, United States	description-section:  Responsibilities   Identify high-impact strategic opportunities, including analytical deep dives and building business cases, defining actionable plans and the roadmap to get there. Involve, align and manage relevant stakeholders across teams and markets, and drive a successful implementation; prepare playbooks, collateral and leads for sales teams to action on plans. Project manage and/or support initiatives, including influencing and aligning stakeholders across senior management. Drive the agenda and chair regular cross-functional leadership meetings. Support sales teams through one-off troubleshooting, problem-solving, and education/training on processes and tools (in collaboration with central teams).   Qualifications  Minimum qualifications: MBA degree or equivalent practical experience. Strategy consulting experience. Preferred qualifications: Advanced degree in a related field with a quantitative emphasis. Experience with or understanding of sales, media, advertising, e-commerce, or search. Sales and/or marketing experience; experience in structuring and implementing initiatives at scale with sales teams. Proven ability to build strong relationships and influence business leaders. Long-term strategic thinking balanced with near-term execution skills. Distinctive problem solving and analysis skills. Good networker and influencer, strong interpersonal skills and impeccable business judgment. Excellent written and oral communication skills. ;description-section text: Note: By applying to this position your application is automatically submitted to the following locations: Gurugram, Haryana, India; Mumbai, Maharashtra, India;description-section text with-benefits: Businesses that partner with Google come in all shapes, sizes and market caps, and no one Google advertising solution works for all. Your knowledge of online media combined with your communication skills and analytical abilities shapes how new and existing business grow. Using your influencing and relationship-building skills, you provide Google-caliber client service, research and market analysis. You anticipate how decisions are made, persistently explore and uncover the business needs of Google's key clients and understand how our range of product offerings can grow their business. Working with them, you set the vision and the strategy for how their advertising can reach thousands of users. Regional Strategy and Operations (RSO) is the global team within Google Marketing Solutions that makes sure Google's complex and ever-evolving business runs smoothly and scales. Experts in leading process improvements and consistency, team members are analytical and strategic with a pragmatic sense of how to get things done. We develop large scale initiatives to deliver customer success and set high-level goals to improve productivity.  The Americas Strategy & Operations Manager plays an essential role in building and guiding the strategic focus areas of the Americas GMS Sales team while also ensuring that the business runs smoothly. In this role, you will be sought out as a trusted advisor by senior leaders across the organization. You will enable the successful delivery of the annual plan by driving the business rhythm that allows the Americas GMS leadership to set the right aspiration and direction, track performance (including business reviews), identify shortfalls and opportunities, and execute the main cross-functional GMS initiatives. You will also be responsible to cascade global/regional strategy and programs (e.g., best-practices, account coverage, leverage of tools) across Americas markets and integrate insights from individual market approaches into regional and global initiatives. At the same time you will have ownership of a selection of Americas focused initiatives along with involvement in global projects.  You are strategically savvy, are a proven thought leader, have good understanding of marketing, media markets and digital business, and bring strong project definition, leadership and analytical skills. This role is highly collaborative, working with a broad range of colleagues across functions and locations.When our millions of advertisers and publishers are happy, so are we! Our Google Marketing Solutions (GMS) team of entrepreneurial, enthusiastic and client-focused members are the "human face" of Google, helping entrepreneurs both individually and broadly build their online presence and grow their businesses. We are dedicated to growing the unique needs of advertising companies. Our teams of strategists, analysts, advisers and support specialists collaborate closely to spot and analyze customer needs and trends. Together, we create and implement business plans broadly for all types of businesses.
212	Google	Analytical Lead, Pure Play Retail	Chicago, IL, United States	description-section:  Responsibilities   Develop solutions for client business and marketing challenges while also uncovering opportunities; Collaborate with Sales and Sales Operations to innovate and develop scalable solutions cross industry challenges. Act as an industry advocate and analyst to surface key industry trends; Consult with clients on opportunities associated with trends and potential business impact. Advise client partners on methodologies for marketing and media analytics, measurement and attribution; Help customers navigate industry standards and alternatives. Seek out key decision makers, challenge the status quo and influence decisions; Foster client relationships with others in the organization including marketing/advertising, analytics, and corporate strategy, among others. Partner with internal and external product, research, data and measurement teams to bring full analytical capabilities to customers.   Qualifications  Minimum qualifications: BA/BS degree or equivalent practical experience. 6 years of experience in media analytics, advertising sales, digital media and marketing, consulting, or financial analysis. Preferred qualifications: Demonstrated experience with marketing analytics, return on investment/financial modeling and statistical analysis. Experience using search engine marketing (Google AdWords), website analytics platforms (Google Analytics and other measurement suite products), and brand analysis techniques (upper funnel analysis). Experience using SQL to extract and manipulate data, or with other programming or scripting languages such as R, Python, C++. Strong understanding of statistical modeling and quantitative analysis techniques Ability to analyze large datasets with the goal of delivering actionable insights. ;description-section text: Note: By applying to this position your application is automatically submitted to the following locations: Gurugram, Haryana, India; Mumbai, Maharashtra, India;description-section text with-benefits: Businesses that partner with Google come in all shapes, sizes and market caps, and no one Google advertising solution works for all. Your knowledge of online media combined with your communication skills and analytical abilities shapes how new and existing business grow. Using your influencing and relationship-building skills, you provide Google-caliber client service, research and market analysis. You anticipate how decisions are made, persistently explore and uncover the business needs of Google's key clients and understand how our range of product offerings can grow their business. Working with them, you set the vision and the strategy for how their advertising can reach thousands of users. Google’s sales teams work with a wide range of partners to bring the best of Google to power their business. As an Analytical Lead, you will be a strategic analyst, advisor and consultant, providing data supported insights to clients and agencies to help improve their business.  You will partner with Account Managers and Account Executives to build and present integrated business and media opportunities based on industry trends and insights from a wealth of data. You have demonstrated analytical expertise, attested business ability and are dedicated to solving complex business challenges.Our Large Customer Sales teams partner closely with many of the world’s biggest advertisers and agencies to develop digital solutions that build strong businesses and brands. We enjoy a bird’s eye view on the massive transformation occurring as advertising shifts to mobile and online platforms. We're uniquely situated to help shape how companies grow their businesses in the digital age. We advise clients on Google's broad range of products across search, video and mobile to help them connect instantly and seamlessly with their audiences.
213	Google	Associate Account Strategist, Google Marketing Solutions Sales (Hungarian)	Dublin, Ireland	description-section:  Responsibilities   Implement creative ways to improve our customer relationships, tailor and share online marketing strategy suggestions, and promote other Google products. Communicate with customers proactively, via phone and email. Provide strategic advice and help our advertisers to get the best experience from their advertising investment by working with them in a consultative role. Work consistently toward strategic objectives, while prioritizing and delivering an outstanding customer experience for Google's advertisers.   Qualifications  Minimum qualifications: Bachelor's degree or equivalent practical experience. Experience or internship experience in sales, customer support, account management, marketing or consulting. Ability to speak and write in English and Hungarian fluently and idiomatically. Preferred qualifications: Experience with leading and motivating. Ability to work well with your team and with others. Demonstrated record in managing and customizing experience for a customer base. Ability to multi-task and to manage multiple projects at a time while paying strict attention to detail. Ability to work toward strategic targets. Ability to work independently whilst being highly organized and committed to making a difference through individual contribution. ;description-section text: Note: By applying to this position your application is automatically submitted to the following locations: Gurugram, Haryana, India; Mumbai, Maharashtra, India;description-section text with-benefits: Consulting with a wide variety of existing advertising companies of all sizes, you are committed to finding the optimal advertising solution for each client. Your interest in sales and the digital economy and your entrepreneurial drive enables brands to expand their businesses with Google's latest advertising products and solutions. Your understanding of online media combined with your commercial know-how shape how new and existing businesses grow. Using your effective communication skills, you are the face of Google to a portfolio of clients whose needs you listen to, and help define the strategy for how their products and services can reach thousands or millions of users.  As a Google Marketing Solutions (GMS) professional, you’ll work with a wide variety of GMS advertisers delivering the optimal advertising solution for each customer. Your entrepreneurial drive and expert product knowledge will enable GMS advertisers to expand their businesses with Google's latest advertising products and solutions.  As an Associate Account Strategist, you will proactively reach out and position advertising solutions spanning all Google offerings, including but not limited to Mobile, YouTube and Google Display Network. As a member of a highly engaged team, you will use creativity to grow and transform the business. Working to provide real value for our customers, you will put their success front and center in everything you do. When our millions of advertisers and publishers are happy, so are we! Our Google Marketing Solutions (GMS) team of entrepreneurial, enthusiastic and client-focused members are the "human face" of Google, helping entrepreneurs both individually and broadly build their online presence and grow their businesses. We are dedicated to growing the unique needs of advertising companies. Our teams of strategists, analysts, advisers and support specialists collaborate closely to spot and analyze customer needs and trends. Together, we create and implement business plans broadly for all types of businesses.
214	Google	Staffing Programs Impact Specialist	San Francisco, CA, United States	description-section:  Responsibilities   Partner with leaders in Staffing Programs to define the qualitative and quantitative impact of their programs and initiatives, specifically as it relates to Diversity, Equity, and Inclusion. Collaborate with partners in Strategy and Effectiveness to define and develop metrics to track the impact of programs individually and in aggregate across the organization. Work with leaders and points of contact across Staffing Programs to uniformly track and report on impact. Partner with the Effectiveness team to provide Programs specific updates relevant to organizational and company-wide goals.   Qualifications  Minimum qualifications: BA/BS degree or equivalent practical experience. 3 years of experience as an analyst or in an analytical role. Preferred qualifications: Experience designing program-specific metrics and evaluating impact, especially in the diversity and inclusion space. Ability to work in a fast-paced, constantly evolving environment. ;description-section text: Note: By applying to this position your application is automatically submitted to the following locations: Chicago, IL, USA; Mountain View, CA, USA; New York, NY, USA; San Francisco, CA, USA;description-section text with-benefits: Google's known for our innovative technologies, products and services -- and for the people behind them. Whether you are making our staffing systems more efficient, planning for our growth, building relationships on college campuses or cultivating the next generation of computer scientists, you have an eye on the staffing needs of Google and the broader hiring landscape. You are focused on cultivating outstanding candidates for Google's long-term hiring needs, and you are the glue that ties together a cross-functional and international group of staffing teams. You are both scrappy and resourceful, creative and driven -- and excited to share the magic of working at Google. As a Staffing Programs Impact Specialist, you will leverage your ability to define programmatic objectives and strong analytical skills to help Staffers define the impact of their diversity and inclusion related programs. You analyze individual initiatives and articulate impact at a team and organizational level. In this role, you will partner with your colleagues in Staffing Programs, the Equity, Diversity, Inclusion, and Integrity (EDII) team, and the Strategy and Effectiveness team to help tell the story of impact, identify opportunities to scale, and highlight areas to increase program/initiative efficacy, specifically within the Staffing Programs team. Great just isn't good enough for our People Operations team (you probably know us better as "Human Resources"). Made up of equal parts HR professionals, former consultants and analysts, we're the champions of Google's colorful culture. In People Ops, we "find them, grow them, and keep them" - we bring the world's most innovative people to Google and provide the programs that help them thrive. Whether recruiting the next great Googler, refining our core programs, developing talent or simply looking for ways to inject some more fun into the lives of our Googlers, we bring a data-driven approach that is reinventing the human resources field.
215	Nest	Senior Software Engineer - Data Services	Palo Alto, CA, United States	description-section:  Responsibilities   Partner with leaders in Staffing Programs to define the qualitative and quantitative impact of their programs and initiatives, specifically as it relates to Diversity, Equity, and Inclusion. Collaborate with partners in Strategy and Effectiveness to define and develop metrics to track the impact of programs individually and in aggregate across the organization. Work with leaders and points of contact across Staffing Programs to uniformly track and report on impact. Partner with the Effectiveness team to provide Programs specific updates relevant to organizational and company-wide goals.   Qualifications  Minimum qualifications: BA/BS degree or equivalent practical experience. 3 years of experience as an analyst or in an analytical role. Preferred qualifications: Experience designing program-specific metrics and evaluating impact, especially in the diversity and inclusion space. Ability to work in a fast-paced, constantly evolving environment. ;description-section text: Note: By applying to this position your application is automatically submitted to the following locations: Chicago, IL, USA; Mountain View, CA, USA; New York, NY, USA; San Francisco, CA, USA;description-section text with-benefits: As part of the Data Infrastructure team at Nest, you'll be responsible for building out large-scale, distributed systems that process nearly all the data flowing through our service. We work closely with teams across the company who make use of data to drive improvements back into our products and provide helpful insights to our customers. If you're a talented engineer who enjoys challenging problems working with large data systems, we'd like to hear from you! The work:Contribute to the design and development of Nest's core big data infrastructure, including data delivery, transformation, and storage systemsDeliver high-performance, reliable, and scalable systems leveraging best-of-breed big data technologyDiagnose problems which can only arise in a complex distributed environmentSupport the deployment and operation of our data infrastructure across multiple environmentsCollaborate with Engineering, Operations, Analytics, Marketing, and Business teams throughout the organizationMinimum qualifications:Bachelor’s degree (or higher) in Computer Science, Mathematics, Statistics, or related fieldPreferred qualifications:Experience building high-quality distributed systems or backend servicesExperience working with data processing, loading, and transformation systems (e.g. MapReduce, Spark, Dataflow)Experience working with large-scale data storage systems (e.g. HDFS, BigTable, Cassandra, BigQuery)Experience building high quality, large-scale, distributed systems using Java, Scala, C++, or PythonSolid system design, problem solving and data analysis skillsDesire to learn more and fill your knowledge gaps of any of the technologies listed above!
216	Nest	Embedded Algorithm Software Engineer	Seattle, WA, United States	description-section:  Responsibilities   Partner with leaders in Staffing Programs to define the qualitative and quantitative impact of their programs and initiatives, specifically as it relates to Diversity, Equity, and Inclusion. Collaborate with partners in Strategy and Effectiveness to define and develop metrics to track the impact of programs individually and in aggregate across the organization. Work with leaders and points of contact across Staffing Programs to uniformly track and report on impact. Partner with the Effectiveness team to provide Programs specific updates relevant to organizational and company-wide goals.   Qualifications  Minimum qualifications: BA/BS degree or equivalent practical experience. 3 years of experience as an analyst or in an analytical role. Preferred qualifications: Experience designing program-specific metrics and evaluating impact, especially in the diversity and inclusion space. Ability to work in a fast-paced, constantly evolving environment. ;description-section text: Note: By applying to this position your application is automatically submitted to the following locations: Chicago, IL, USA; Mountain View, CA, USA; New York, NY, USA; San Francisco, CA, USA;description-section text with-benefits:  Nest is looking for a software engineer to join our ever growing embedded software team. At Nest you'll have to opportunity to shape the Consumer Electronic business, join a world class engineering team and help revolutionize the next unloved device in our homes. You'll be responsible to architect, design and implement the heart that makes our future products tick.  The work:  Develop, enhance and maintain the embedded sensor processing and algorithm software  Work with our data scientists on future algorithms and machine learning features in our embedded devices  Minimum qualifications:  M.S. or 2+ years of experience in Computer Science, Electrical Engineering or a related field  C and C++ programming skills  Preferred qualifications:  Embedded system programming, including small-footprint and low-power systems  Algorithms optimization, including computational resource efficiency  Data structures and SW architectures for real-time data processing  Familiarity with standard algorithms and machine learning techniques  Digital signal processing (linear filtering design and implementation, multi-rate systems, decimation, interpolation, etc)  Modeling and analyzing large data sets using Python, MATLAB, R, or equivalent tools  Networked and distributed computation  Experience with code coverage and static analysis tools  Reading and reviewing schematics  ARM Cortex-Mx and low-power SoCs  Testing methodologies *LI-DNI
217	YouTube	Policy Enforcement Manager, YouTube Trust and Safety	San Bruno, CA, United States	description-section:  Responsibilities   Research and stay up to date on key trends and operating patterns in your policy area, becoming a policy expert. Analyze, identify, prioritize, and deliver strategies to reduce violative content. Handle escalations with a fast turn-around team to define and deliver the best action plan. Work with global, cross-functional partners across Product, Engineering, Policy, Legal, Vendor Operations, Public Relations, Vendor Operations and others to implement strategies on the YouTube platform. Track and monitor performance against key metrics, deliver and implement improvement strategies. Review of controversial, and sometimes offensive and disturbing video content will be involved in this job. On-call work may be required for high-profile escalations that require immediate resolution.   Qualifications  Minimum qualifications: 3 years of operational or program management experience, i.e., abuse or policy management, experience implementing and operationalizing strategies; program management of large cross-functional initiatives delivering business results. Experience using data to drive strategy and business action -- experience with SQL, programming, and visualization programs. Experience coomunicating with Engineering teams. Preferred qualifications: Experience handling sensitive content or abuse in the field or on the internet (law enforcement, security organizations, governmental agencies). Sensitive content could include Gun Violence, Illegal Substance Abuse or Drugs, Cyber Crime, Theft, Hacking or Fake News. Experience in law, policy and/or anti-abuse. Strong business judgment and outstanding influencing and communication skills; ability to build strong relationships with cross functional partners, across geographies. ;description-section text: Note: By applying to this position your application is automatically submitted to the following locations: Chicago, IL, USA; Mountain View, CA, USA; New York, NY, USA; San Francisco, CA, USA;description-section text with-benefits: Fast-paced, dynamic and proactive, YouTube Trust and Safety is dedicated to ensuring that YouTube is a place for users, viewers, and creators around the world to belong, create, and express themselves. Whether understanding and solving their online content concerns, navigating within global legal frameworks, or writing and enforcing worldwide policy, the Trust & Safety team is on the frontlines of enhancing the YouTube experience, building internet safety, and protecting free speech in our ever-evolving digital world. As part of YouTube Trust and Safety, you will be directly responsible for making the internet safer, protecting free speech and defending our brand. You are passionate about cutting-edge policy developments and applications in a digital age, and you want to help define how people around the world communicate with one another and express their points of view through YouTube. You thrive in a fast-paced, dynamic, demanding environment where no two days are ever the same.  As a Policy Enforcement Manager, you are responsible for ownership of end-to-end policy operations and enforcement for a given policy area or initiative. Example policy areas include Illegal or Harmful (such as the sale of illegal substances), Disinformation (such as fake news) or Privacy. This role requires working with a global team from Product, Engineering, Policy, Legal, Public Relations, Vendor Operations and other stakeholders to prevent and remove violative content across millions of videos, comments and channels. You ensure that we deliver innovations to scale our work with Machine Learning, while improving the quality and impact of our operations. YouTube has grown into a community used by over 1 billion people across the globe to access information, share video, and shape culture. The YouTube team helps budding creators build careers, creates products like YouTube Kids, YouTube Music, and YouTube Gaming, and engages communities around shared passions and global conversations. Together, we empower the world to create, broadcast, and share.
218	Nest	Software Engineer, Tools and Infrastructure - Nest Ecommerce	Palo Alto, CA, United States	description-section:  Responsibilities   Research and stay up to date on key trends and operating patterns in your policy area, becoming a policy expert. Analyze, identify, prioritize, and deliver strategies to reduce violative content. Handle escalations with a fast turn-around team to define and deliver the best action plan. Work with global, cross-functional partners across Product, Engineering, Policy, Legal, Vendor Operations, Public Relations, Vendor Operations and others to implement strategies on the YouTube platform. Track and monitor performance against key metrics, deliver and implement improvement strategies. Review of controversial, and sometimes offensive and disturbing video content will be involved in this job. On-call work may be required for high-profile escalations that require immediate resolution.   Qualifications  Minimum qualifications: 3 years of operational or program management experience, i.e., abuse or policy management, experience implementing and operationalizing strategies; program management of large cross-functional initiatives delivering business results. Experience using data to drive strategy and business action -- experience with SQL, programming, and visualization programs. Experience coomunicating with Engineering teams. Preferred qualifications: Experience handling sensitive content or abuse in the field or on the internet (law enforcement, security organizations, governmental agencies). Sensitive content could include Gun Violence, Illegal Substance Abuse or Drugs, Cyber Crime, Theft, Hacking or Fake News. Experience in law, policy and/or anti-abuse. Strong business judgment and outstanding influencing and communication skills; ability to build strong relationships with cross functional partners, across geographies. ;description-section text: Note: By applying to this position your application is automatically submitted to the following locations: Chicago, IL, USA; Mountain View, CA, USA; New York, NY, USA; San Francisco, CA, USA;description-section text with-benefits:  Are you passionate about applying technologies that make an impact? At Nest you'll have the opportunity to shape the consumer electronics business, join a world class engineering team, and help revolutionize the next unloved device in our homes. You'll be building the infrastructure and protocols that drive the expanding Nest ecosystem and create the thoughtful home.  Nest’s Ecommerce Integration Engineering team is looking for experienced engineers for the next Nest product to develop test automation infrastructure, tools and fixtures to ensure we have the highest quality devices for our customers. Engineers in the role will have the opportunity to gain a breadth of understanding about distributed systems, continuous integration, and a wide variety of cross functional teams (marketing, creative, finance, backend web service, app, web engineering, email).  The work:  Develop test frameworks and tools to validate Nest services and increase release velocity  Collaborate with senior engineers through the entire software development lifecycle to solve complex engineering problems in tools and testing  Contribute towards monitoring infrastructure, reporting framework development  Analyze and debug a distributed software system  Minimum qualifications:  BS/BA in Computer Science, Computer Engineering or equivalent practical experience  5+ years of experience in programming/automation development  Solid experience of at least one programming language (e.g. Java, Python)  Preferred qualifications:  Knowledge of good API design and abstraction concepts  Experience working with continuous integration tools like Jenkins and TeamCity  Proven track record of delivering enterprise-grade software platforms  Proficiency in designing, building, and debugging distributed systems  Hands on experience with Linux based systems  Excellent problem-solving, organizational, and analytical skills  Exceptional verbal and written communication skills  Ability to effectively influence and communicate cross-functionally with all levels of management 
219	Nest	Embedded Application Software Engineer - Thermostat	Palo Alto, CA, United States	description-section:  Responsibilities   Research and stay up to date on key trends and operating patterns in your policy area, becoming a policy expert. Analyze, identify, prioritize, and deliver strategies to reduce violative content. Handle escalations with a fast turn-around team to define and deliver the best action plan. Work with global, cross-functional partners across Product, Engineering, Policy, Legal, Vendor Operations, Public Relations, Vendor Operations and others to implement strategies on the YouTube platform. Track and monitor performance against key metrics, deliver and implement improvement strategies. Review of controversial, and sometimes offensive and disturbing video content will be involved in this job. On-call work may be required for high-profile escalations that require immediate resolution.   Qualifications  Minimum qualifications: 3 years of operational or program management experience, i.e., abuse or policy management, experience implementing and operationalizing strategies; program management of large cross-functional initiatives delivering business results. Experience using data to drive strategy and business action -- experience with SQL, programming, and visualization programs. Experience coomunicating with Engineering teams. Preferred qualifications: Experience handling sensitive content or abuse in the field or on the internet (law enforcement, security organizations, governmental agencies). Sensitive content could include Gun Violence, Illegal Substance Abuse or Drugs, Cyber Crime, Theft, Hacking or Fake News. Experience in law, policy and/or anti-abuse. Strong business judgment and outstanding influencing and communication skills; ability to build strong relationships with cross functional partners, across geographies. ;description-section text: Note: By applying to this position your application is automatically submitted to the following locations: Chicago, IL, USA; Mountain View, CA, USA; New York, NY, USA; San Francisco, CA, USA;description-section text with-benefits:  Nest is looking for an Embedded A pplications Software Engineer to join our ever growing software team. At Nest you'll have to opportunity to shape the Consumer Electronic business, join a world class engineering team, and help revolutionize the next unloved device in our homes. You'll be responsible to architect, design, and implement the heart that makes our flagship and future products tick. The ideal candidate loves to pay attention to detail and strives to bring about an experience that contributes to a thoughtful home for each and every customer.  The work:  Develop, enhance, and maintain the application layer software  Work with UI/UX teams on the application interface and user experience behavior  Interface with various hardware and software vendors on complex system integration tasks to achieve efficient, cost-effective, and delightful product solutions  Minimum qualifications:  BA/BS degree in Computer Science, Electrical Engineering, Computer Engineering, or equivalent practical experience  1+ years of work experience in C++  1+ years experience with embedded system programming  Preferred qualifications:  Strong background in applications design and development for embedded devices  Experience with automated testing methodology  Experience with embedded system programming, including small-footprint and low-power systems  Experience with event driven development  User Interface development (user input handling, displaying output, etc.)  Network programming in C (e.g. POSIX sockets)  Finite state machine design, implementation, and testing  GNU toolchain (gcc, as, ld, make, sed, etc.) or equivalent cross platform development tool  Implementing solutions that are efficient on many levels  Experience with code coverage and static analysis tools  Build system hacking  Experience developing for real time operating systems (RTOS) or Linux  HTTP or other application protocols 
220	Google	Strategic Negotiator, Global Network Acquisition (APAC)	Gurugram, India	description-section:  Responsibilities   Collaborate with internal business and networking technical teams to identify and define strategic initiatives necessary to meet Google's ongoing needs. Build strategic relationships with vendors, identify unique opportunities for partnership or expansion with these teams, and determine specific routes that meet commercial, technical and timing requirements. Identify and manage agreements with vendors providing wavelength, IP transit and colocation services. Lead partnerships in tandem with Google's legal team. Build and drive Google’s strategy for technical infrastructure builds in given territories/market(s). Communicate progress internally and collaborate with network deployment & other technical teams.   Qualifications  Minimum qualifications: BA/BS degree or equivalent practical experience. 4 years of experience in networking technologies across the OSI (Open Systems Interconnect) model.Experience with strategic negotiations and/or business development obtaining services from high-technology providers in colocation data centers, internet transit, network transport, telecom or IT services. Ability to travel up to 25% of the time. Preferred qualifications: BA/BS degree in Technology or Science.8 years of relevant work experience, including experience with contract development and vendor management across many vendors simultaneously in technology related domains. Deep understanding of domestic and global carrier networks. Excellent analytical and problem-solving skills. Well versed with contractual framework and ability to negotiate agreements with vendors/partners/suppliers. Ability to travel up to 50% of the time if needed. ;description-section text: Note: By applying to this position your application is automatically submitted to the following locations: Gurugram, Haryana, India; Mumbai, Maharashtra, India;description-section text with-benefits: As Google's products and services grow to serve our billions of users, the Strategic Negotiation team works behind the scenes to secure infrastructure for Google's future. It's a big job that involves everything from operating underwater cables to finding data center space. In this role you combine your deep market knowledge with tech industry savvy to find solutions that support Google's growth. You'll work with specific teams to oversee vendor and partner relationships. Your successful management skills have the potential to impact every part of the business and save Google millions of dollars in operating costs. You'll ensure that we receive contract compliance on our third-party agreements, while identifying the most cost-effective solutions for our needs. You'll take lead on special projects, manage vendors and present your recommendations to Google leadership. Behind everything our users see online is the architecture built by the Technical Infrastructure team to keep it running. From developing and maintaining our data centers to building the next generation of Google platforms, we make Google's product portfolio possible. We're proud to be our engineers' engineers and love voiding warranties by taking things apart so we can rebuild them. We're always on call to keep our networks up and running, ensuring our users have the best and fastest experience possible.
221	Nest	Backend Software Engineer - Online Store	Palo Alto, CA, United States	description-section:  Responsibilities   Collaborate with internal business and networking technical teams to identify and define strategic initiatives necessary to meet Google's ongoing needs. Build strategic relationships with vendors, identify unique opportunities for partnership or expansion with these teams, and determine specific routes that meet commercial, technical and timing requirements. Identify and manage agreements with vendors providing wavelength, IP transit and colocation services. Lead partnerships in tandem with Google's legal team. Build and drive Google’s strategy for technical infrastructure builds in given territories/market(s). Communicate progress internally and collaborate with network deployment & other technical teams.   Qualifications  Minimum qualifications: BA/BS degree or equivalent practical experience. 4 years of experience in networking technologies across the OSI (Open Systems Interconnect) model.Experience with strategic negotiations and/or business development obtaining services from high-technology providers in colocation data centers, internet transit, network transport, telecom or IT services. Ability to travel up to 25% of the time. Preferred qualifications: BA/BS degree in Technology or Science.8 years of relevant work experience, including experience with contract development and vendor management across many vendors simultaneously in technology related domains. Deep understanding of domestic and global carrier networks. Excellent analytical and problem-solving skills. Well versed with contractual framework and ability to negotiate agreements with vendors/partners/suppliers. Ability to travel up to 50% of the time if needed. ;description-section text: Note: By applying to this position your application is automatically submitted to the following locations: Gurugram, Haryana, India; Mumbai, Maharashtra, India;description-section text with-benefits:  As a software engineer on the store backend team at Nest, you will be responsible for designing and implementing our e-commerce and subscriptions platform. You will develop and scale functionality for components including subscriptions, payments, order management, and fulfillment that are critical to Nest’s online business.The work:  Develop a reliable, scalable, and flexible e-commerce platform for Nest's online store  Execute on projects which include payments processing, order fulfillment, analytics, delivery scheduling, and supply chain operations systems  Collaborate with a wide range of teams to deliver compelling user experiences  Work on user-facing products like e-commerce store, subscriptions, coupon codes, vouchers, gift cards, etc.  Develop test frameworks and operational tools for the services you create  Minimum qualifications:  BS/BE in Computer Science or related technical field  Preferred qualifications:  Master’s degree in Computer Science or related  Understanding of multiple programming languages (e.g. Scala, C/C++, Java, Javascript, Python, Ruby, Bash)  Comfortable working on Linux-based systems  Demonstrated JVM experience  Familiarity with one or more common web frameworks (e.g.Spring MVC or Play), and frontend web development  Demonstrated experience with high-load systems  Effective written communications skills  A passion and curiosity for creating and building things  Thrive in a collaborative team with other strong programmers/architects  Experience with Hybris, ATG, or Websphere Commerce  Hands-on experience with commerce, payment processing, order fulfillment, or other monetization-related platforms including ad serving technologies 
222	Google	Customer Solutions Engineering Manager, Platforms Display	Mountain View, CA, United States	description-section:  Responsibilities   Manage a team of Solutions Engineers that provide exemplary operational support and consultative services at scale to customers and agencies. Deliver strategic vision of the Google Professional Services organization, working with Sales, Product Management and Engineering teams to ensure strategic alignment with customer needs. Manage and communicate processes and metrics to enable a highly transparent, credible and impactful organization. Lead ongoing initiatives to continually drive greater automation/efficiency of complex, multifaceted workflows and processes.   Qualifications  Minimum qualifications: BS degree in Computer Science or related technical field, or equivalent practical experience. 6 years of experience in the online advertising industry or a consulting firm. Experience coding with C++, Java and Python. Experience partnering/working with cross-functional stakeholders in an organization. Experience in a Technical People Management capacity, including experience leading business transformation initiatives. Preferred qualifications: Experience working with adtech products - ad server, DSPs, DMPs and web analytics. Effective project management, interpersonal and leadership skills; analytical capabilities and demonstrated ability to formulate data-driven proposals. Excellent written and oral business communication skills. ;description-section text: Note: By applying to this position your application is automatically submitted to the following locations: Mountain View, CA, USA; New York, NY, USA;description-section text with-benefits: Google Technical Services: Professional Services (gPS) is a team of solution-oriented trusted advisors supporting millions of users worldwide. Our consultative services take our deep technical and product expertise and combine it with our powerful understanding of our customer’s needs and goals to solve their biggest business challenges allowing them to grow and get the most out of Google solutions. We are hiring for a DoubleClick Display Technical People Manager to join the team, and as an influential and effective leader to manage a team of senior, tenured and expert individuals servicing the DoubleClick display business.Google Technical Services is a global support and operations team, with a mission to delight our customers with care so good, it’s got to be Google. Our team is the face of Google to most of our customers, and we want their Google support experience to set new standards, just like Google’s products do. Our team cares for customers by solving problems and scaling solutions, incubating new Google products, and sharing user feedback with internal teams to influence product development. We support a wide variety of products, from Ads to Project Fi and just about everything in between, and our customers include advertisers, consumers, partners, publishers, retailers, and our own Sales Googlers.
223	Nest	Brand Strategist	San Francisco, CA, United States	description-section:  Responsibilities   Manage a team of Solutions Engineers that provide exemplary operational support and consultative services at scale to customers and agencies. Deliver strategic vision of the Google Professional Services organization, working with Sales, Product Management and Engineering teams to ensure strategic alignment with customer needs. Manage and communicate processes and metrics to enable a highly transparent, credible and impactful organization. Lead ongoing initiatives to continually drive greater automation/efficiency of complex, multifaceted workflows and processes.   Qualifications  Minimum qualifications: BS degree in Computer Science or related technical field, or equivalent practical experience. 6 years of experience in the online advertising industry or a consulting firm. Experience coding with C++, Java and Python. Experience partnering/working with cross-functional stakeholders in an organization. Experience in a Technical People Management capacity, including experience leading business transformation initiatives. Preferred qualifications: Experience working with adtech products - ad server, DSPs, DMPs and web analytics. Effective project management, interpersonal and leadership skills; analytical capabilities and demonstrated ability to formulate data-driven proposals. Excellent written and oral business communication skills. ;description-section text: Note: By applying to this position your application is automatically submitted to the following locations: Mountain View, CA, USA; New York, NY, USA;description-section text with-benefits: Nest is looking for a Brand Strategist to join our fast-paced marketing team. We’re seeking a creative minded storyteller who understands people as much as business and brands. You’ll help to connect the dots between our products with compelling consumer insights and strategies that inspire great work from our internal creative team.  The Brand Strategist is a collaborative, creative thinker with great human and business instincts. This isn’t your average agency planning role – you’ll be helping to shape our positioning for Nest products and define messaging across advertising, social, retail, partnerships and more. What are the consumer pain points, key benefits, the naming? We’ll need you to write killer creative briefs for specific projects and also think broadly about how our brand is being presented in the world.  This individual will be directly supporting the Brand Strategy Lead on briefs, product naming and various cross-functional projects for our energy products and services. As part of the marketing team, you’ll work closely with different groups including Product Marketing, Creative, PR, Packaging and Advertising & Engagement. Minimum qualifications: 3+ years of relevant advertising, marketing or product marketing experience Experience working with product and creative teams to drive positioning/messagingPreferred qualifications: Knowledge of business strategy and general marketing theory  Scrappy and hungry approach; willing to do tasks both large and small  Experience working cross-functionally with product development, sales, retail/channel management, etc. to develop and drive strong, integrated marketing campaigns  Experience with product naming (at a branding/naming agency or similar)  Comfort in a fast-paced, changing environment that feels like a start up  Effective oral and written communication skills  A strong passion for our mission and excitement for the Nest brand and products 
224	Nest	Contact Center Manager	Remote, OR, United States	description-section:  Responsibilities   Manage a team of Solutions Engineers that provide exemplary operational support and consultative services at scale to customers and agencies. Deliver strategic vision of the Google Professional Services organization, working with Sales, Product Management and Engineering teams to ensure strategic alignment with customer needs. Manage and communicate processes and metrics to enable a highly transparent, credible and impactful organization. Lead ongoing initiatives to continually drive greater automation/efficiency of complex, multifaceted workflows and processes.   Qualifications  Minimum qualifications: BS degree in Computer Science or related technical field, or equivalent practical experience. 6 years of experience in the online advertising industry or a consulting firm. Experience coding with C++, Java and Python. Experience partnering/working with cross-functional stakeholders in an organization. Experience in a Technical People Management capacity, including experience leading business transformation initiatives. Preferred qualifications: Experience working with adtech products - ad server, DSPs, DMPs and web analytics. Effective project management, interpersonal and leadership skills; analytical capabilities and demonstrated ability to formulate data-driven proposals. Excellent written and oral business communication skills. ;description-section text: Note: By applying to this position your application is automatically submitted to the following locations: Mountain View, CA, USA; New York, NY, USA;description-section text with-benefits: Nest's Customer Support Organization (CSO) is responsible for taking care of Nest’s consumer, professional, retailer, and channel partner customers with everything from pre-sales and order management questions to training and technical support. The work: Deploy contact center strategies, build partnerships, lead operations, and ensure competencies and compliance at a given site (location) to provide high quality customer care and technical support for customers  Lead a partner-resourced team to contribute to the network-wide contact center operations, directing their support activity, guiding their performance, and tracking their results  Work with selected vendors to align contact center operations with the contract (i.e., statement of work), product portfolio, customer requirements, contact volumes, channel dynamics, policies & procedures, and any special business programs and targets  Maintain appropriate staffing, training and service levels and standards to optimize customer satisfaction with total support costs  Oversee the implementation of the company’s prescribed policies and procedures to ensure efficiency, effectiveness, and compliance  Foster agent proficiency at the site by focusing on vendor-administered selection criteria, on boarding, work environment, skill development, certification, remediation, rewards, communications, and career paths  Act as a liaison between Nest and the partner site to maintain network disciplines and performance involving telecommunications, tools, and protocols to ensure proper capacity planning, contact distribution, event routing, interaction quality, data capture, and agent productivity Minimum qualifications: Bachelor’s degree  4+ years of experience in contact center operations  Management and/or supervisory experience  1+ years working in customer service function for a hi-tech or consumer electronics product  Experience in deploying, administering, or using CRM and/or Telephony systems  Experience in working in a cross-team and cross-site collaborative environment Preferred qualifications: Executive-level communication skills and experience  Track record of excellent business judgement and application of best practices in operations  Ability to make key decisions independently and under pressure  Program and project management expertise and/or credentials  Vendor management experience  Analytical and detail-oriented 
225	Nest	HR Business Partner	Palo Alto, CA, United States	description-section:  Responsibilities   Manage a team of Solutions Engineers that provide exemplary operational support and consultative services at scale to customers and agencies. Deliver strategic vision of the Google Professional Services organization, working with Sales, Product Management and Engineering teams to ensure strategic alignment with customer needs. Manage and communicate processes and metrics to enable a highly transparent, credible and impactful organization. Lead ongoing initiatives to continually drive greater automation/efficiency of complex, multifaceted workflows and processes.   Qualifications  Minimum qualifications: BS degree in Computer Science or related technical field, or equivalent practical experience. 6 years of experience in the online advertising industry or a consulting firm. Experience coding with C++, Java and Python. Experience partnering/working with cross-functional stakeholders in an organization. Experience in a Technical People Management capacity, including experience leading business transformation initiatives. Preferred qualifications: Experience working with adtech products - ad server, DSPs, DMPs and web analytics. Effective project management, interpersonal and leadership skills; analytical capabilities and demonstrated ability to formulate data-driven proposals. Excellent written and oral business communication skills. ;description-section text: Note: By applying to this position your application is automatically submitted to the following locations: Mountain View, CA, USA; New York, NY, USA;description-section text with-benefits:  The HRBP provides insight, observations, and context to enhance understanding of complex organizational or interpersonal issues through diligent client partnership. This team is relied on to identify and act on opportunities to improve programs, processes, communication, and training to yield greater organizational effectiveness and results.  This HRBP team is responsible for thoughtful partnership with Nest leadership which enables our organizations to focus on and realize our company mission: To create a home that takes care of the people inside it and the world around it. HRBPs deliver upon this mission in their close partnership with Nest leaders by aligning people strategies with business strategies. These team members provide both strategic and tactical HR counsel and program management on a global basis to employees and people managers alike. The work:  Demonstrate a deep understanding of the Nest business in order to better anticipate specific needs of their client groups  Partner with clients and the recruiting team to understand current and future business goals and trends that may impact workforce needs  Partner with clients to design and deliver appropriate talent planning and performance management exercises  Develop product and institutional knowledge necessary to reinforce and promote the Nest culture throughout the organization  Partner with Employee Legal and Employee Relation groups to consult and advise managers and employees on all aspects of employee-related issues  Maintains a close partnership with recruiting team so that the client sees and experiences one HR team  Demonstrate confidence in advice and support line management on local and global compensation programs and benefits initiatives  Develop and work on special and cross-functional projects as needed Coaching and developing clients Being a trusted advisor to managers and playing a critical in enhancing their management effectivenessInternational travel required 20% of the time Minimum qualifications:  5+ years of HR or related experience  Preferred qualifications:  Excellent consulting skills  Excellent client management and business literacy skills  Strong conflict management skills  Strong interpersonal and negotiation skills  Support multiple business units in multiple locations  Work in environment with international objectives  Ability to understand issues domestically and internationally and communicate effectively with clients  Flexible and available to interact with employees at all levels  Take initiative to identify and anticipate client needs and make recommendations for implementation  Working knowledge of multiple human resource disciplines including compensation practices, org design, employee relations, diversity and inclusion, performance management, federal, and state respective employment laws  Analytical and problem solving skills  Ability to analyze data, understand trends and develop recommendations for action based on the analysis 
226	Google	Technical Program Manager, Forecasting and Project Planning	Dublin, Ireland	description-section:  Responsibilities   Work with Google’s Data centers Partner Teams and Engineering Groups to understand resource needs and create plans related to the delivery and management of Google's Facility Capital Assets. Assist in converting future project needs into resource requirements, taking into account supply plans as well as future technology insertions (NPI). Serve as a resource to other resource Planners in and outside of Technical Infrastructure in improving utilization or performance through planning and requirements development. Perform a variety of scheduling and planning functions encompassing conceptual schedules, options analysis, baselines, progress measurement, and reporting with limited supervision. Including assisting in the the bidding process. Evaluate, analyze and compare bids from contractors Implement standard procedures for scheduling including baselining, statusing, progress measurement, schedule quality analysis, change management, monte-carlo simulation, contingency management, pay applications, resource management, integration of multiple schedules, cash-flow analysis, milestone definition, reporting and portfolio management Support Data Center Project Managers with their projects work package planning, change order review, stakeholder coordination, end to end schedules, review and approval of proposals, pay applications, risk management and value management Conduct schedule analysis at the project level and across the portfolio to identify trends, opportunities and risks using Primavera P6   Qualifications  Minimum qualifications: BA/BS degree in Construction Management, Quantity Surveying, industrial Engineering or an Engineering degree in the Civil, Mechanical, Electrical, or other technical field or equivalent practical experience. Experience managing technical projects with competing resources and priorities. Experience of planning and scheduling platforms. Preferred qualifications: MS or MBA degree with a technical emphasis. Experience with capacity planning, launching Internet software/services, planning data center infrastructure, and/or managing large-scale distributed systems. Firm sense of accountability and ownership for end-to-end project lifecycle. Solid knowledge of the tools and elements of project management.Knowledge of Mechanical and Electrical systems Ability to collaborate and influence across multiple levels of an organization with experience leading cross-functional process improvements and holding project leads accountable to the greater project goals. Excellent analytical skills, with high attention to detail. Tenacious problem solver with strong verbal/written communication and facilitation skills. Comfortable shifting between hands-on detailed analysis and big picture thinking and customizing communication based on the audience. ;description-section text: Note: By applying to this position your application is automatically submitted to the following locations: Mountain View, CA, USA; New York, NY, USA;description-section text with-benefits: Google's projects, like our users, span the globe and require managers to keep the big picture in focus while being able to dive into the unique engineering challenges we face daily. As a Technical Program Manager at Google, you lead complex, multi-disciplinary engineering projects using your engineering expertise. You plan requirements with internal customers and usher projects through the entire project lifecycle. This includes managing project schedules, identifying risks and clearly communicating them to project stakeholders. You're equally at home explaining your team's analyses and recommendations to executives as you are discussing the technical trade-offs in product development with engineers.Using your extensive technical and leadership expertise, you manage projects of various size and scope, identifying future opportunities, improving processes and driving the technical directions of your programs. You will be part of Google’s Data Center Engineering & Operations team and serve in a key role to develop and implement best practice schedule control processes through collaboration with many stakeholders. Your key function will be to ensure the efficient delivery of Google’s Data Center Portfolio by the organization of data, implementation of scalable processes and the use of professional tools. In this role, you will collaborate, negotiate and communicate to identify areas for improvement, develop plans, processes and execute change. This includes managing project schedules, identifying risks and clearly communicating them to project stakeholders. You're equally at home explaining your team's analyses and recommendations to executives as you are discussing the technical trade-offs in product development with engineers.Behind everything our users see online is the architecture built by the Technical Infrastructure team to keep it running. From developing and maintaining our data centers to building the next generation of Google platforms, we make Google's product portfolio possible. We're proud to be our engineers' engineers and love voiding warranties by taking things apart so we can rebuild them. We're always on call to keep our networks up and running, ensuring our users have the best and fastest experience possible.
227	Google	Program Manager, Google Cloud Support Operation, Enterprise Support Systems	Sunnyvale, CA, United States	description-section:  Responsibilities   Be accountable for overall solutions delivery of Support systems projects of varying complexity, and scope; manage stakeholder management and developing well defined milestones. Work closely with analysts to translate business requirements into technical solutions, across different technology platforms. Partner with internal teams to define and implement solutions that improve internal business processes; Integrate third-party products into internal systems as well as support and upgrade implemented systems. Partner closely across functions and motivate teams across the organization to take action and drive projects to completion; exhibit excellent judgment on sensitive, complex, and cross-functional issues, fostering collaboration between leaders, sub-teams, the larger organization and related functions. Manage projects from initiation to closure using various methodologies including Agile and Waterfall.   Qualifications  Minimum qualifications: Bachelor's degree or equivalent practical experience. 5 years of experience as product, program or project manager. Experience with support CRM technology (e.g., Salesforce) workflow, reporting, integration and business application design. Experience with SQL, data manipulation, reporting, and the quantitative analysis environment. Preferred qualifications: Experience in identifying business opportunities and defining and measuring success of proposed initiatives. Ability to execute all deliverables throughout the full project life-cycle with experience switching between project methodologies. Data driven with ability to visualize and create high-level models (rigorous information-rich diagrams) that can be used in future analysis to extend and mature the business architecture across Support systems. Systems-oriented, enjoy working with new tools, and a self-motivated learner. Passion for technology and an ability to identify new opportunities, drive collaboration and deliver high-quality, complex projects across teams. Strong creativity in discovering actionable results and strategies. ;description-section text: Note: By applying to this position your application is automatically submitted to the following locations: Mountain View, CA, USA; New York, NY, USA;description-section text with-benefits: Google Cloud teams work with schools, companies, and government agencies to make them more productive, mobile and collaborative. You will oversee all aspects of the Google Cloud sales process, improving it with your insightful data analysis, troubleshooting, and seamless cross-functional teamwork. Your strategies ensure that companies new to Google products get the highest quality customer support and that the Google Cloud program overall is kept on the cutting edge. The Google Cloud Support Operations team is responsible for Support systems, tools and projects which enable Google Cloud Support to create an excellent customer experience at scale. We solve challenging and complex technical problems at scale. We work closely with cross-functional business partners, technology partners and vendor operation teams to design and deliver a seamless customer support experience at enterprise scale.  You have a background in SAAS, cloud computing, and B2B environments with demonstrated success in a program manager role and an ability to influence designs and technical teams with a consultative approach.  You are a technically minded program manager with exceptional project management, analytical and problem solving skills who is comfortable interacting with all levels, including executive management, sales, finance, legal, and engineering leaders and colleagues. You will lead projects, implementations and integrations with a variety of our platforms and product lines, supporting a rapidly changing organization. You are a leader with outstanding communication, analytical skills, sound operational background and commitment to providing customers with an excellent customer experience. In this constantly evolving team environment, you will also exercise effective, independent decision making. Google Cloud helps millions of employees and organizations empower their employees, serve their customers, and build what’s next for their business — all with technology built in the cloud. Our products are engineered for security, reliability and scalability, running the full stack from infrastructure to applications to devices and hardware. And our teams are dedicated to helping our customers — developers, small and large businesses, educational institutions and government agencies — see the benefits of our technology come to life.
228	Google	Knowledge and Quality Manager, Consumers and Partners, Google Technical Services	Mountain View, CA, United States	description-section:  Responsibilities   Drive Knowledge and Quality programs to demonstrate quantifiable impact on customer satisfaction and agent proficiency. Report, analyze and provide insights on our quality performance and knowledge programs (regularly and ad hoc) for cross-functional stakeholders and use this data to identify trends and opportunities for improvement. Act as a liaison and advocate for quality and knowledge management while working with cross-functional groups of internal team members and vendor partners to improve quality and CSAT performance. Set the standards for Support Operations and empower call center agents to amaze and delight every customer who seeks support. Work alongside User Support teams to prepare for product launches, process changes and keep pace with product changes.   Qualifications  Minimum qualifications: BA/BS degree or equivalent practical experience. 5 years of experience in Support Operations in consumer support with an online service product. 3 years of experience in of People Management. Experience in a Business Process and Project Management capacity.  Preferred qualifications: 3 years of relevant work experience in a Quality or Knowledge Management role. Experience in Customer Support and Call/Contact Center operations, including call center structure, tools and quality processes. Ability to teach complex information in an effective, engaging manner. Forensic skills and attention to detail when crafting materials and processes. Ability to foresee and fix process gaps. Skilled in creating vendor workflow processes that accurately manage, monitor, and audit performance and inform future training. ;description-section text: Note: By applying to this position your application is automatically submitted to the following locations: Mountain View, CA, USA; New York, NY, USA;description-section text with-benefits: Google's Consumer Operations team is on a mission to delight the hundreds of millions of consumers who rely on our flagship products like Gmail, Android, Chrome and Google Play. We’re an operational team that focuses on delivering excellent customer care and being there for consumers when they need us most. Our team engages consumers across the globe through our online resources and communities, social outreach, and 1:1 care. We represent the voice of the consumer and work closely with cross-functional partners across Google to make our products and policies better. We're looking for people with excellent analytical and communication skills who are passionate about the consumer and helping them get the most out of Google. As a Knowledge and Quality Manager, you will work with Operations experts to ensure agents in our Customer Support Centers are enabled and empowered to provide the best customer experiences. You will do so by overseeing the global activities for two key programs; Knowledge Management and Quality. You'll continuously fine-tune our quality framework to improve customer experience and satisfaction, drive knowledge management programs programs as our products and operations evolve and ensure that the knowledge base provides instant detailed information for our agents.Google Technical Services is a global support and operations team, with a mission to delight our customers with care so good, it’s got to be Google. Our team is the face of Google to most of our customers, and we want their Google support experience to set new standards, just like Google’s products do. Our team cares for customers by solving problems and scaling solutions, incubating new Google products, and sharing user feedback with internal teams to influence product development. We support a wide variety of products, from Ads to Project Fi and just about everything in between, and our customers include advertisers, consumers, partners, publishers, retailers, and our own Sales Googlers.
229	Google	Inside Sales and Customer Growth Representative, Google Cloud (Polish/Russian)	Dublin, Ireland	description-section:  Responsibilities   Deliver against assigned strategic goals while prioritizing an outstanding customer experience to customers and prospects. Contribute to territory strategy in generating and developing business growth opportunities. Work with Field Sales Executives and Customer Engineers as a critical member of a business development team while also working closely with Google Partners, with the goal of enhancing business results in territory and to cultivate opportunities with customers. Drive business development, forecast accurately and achieve strategic goals by leading customers through the entire sales cycle. Explore and understand complex customer requirements on both a business and technical level. Lead demand generation and other campaigns from conception, planning, execution, and launch to post-launch analysis. Establish key relationships cross-functionally with regional peers, Sales Operations, Product Management, and Product Marketing teams. Identify and pursue business development opportunities. Analyze data trends and client performance, and prepare and conduct presentations, while maintaining effective communications with customers via phone/email and video conferencing technologies.   Qualifications  Minimum qualifications: BA/BS degree or equivalent practical experience Experience in sales and/or customer management in the technology industry with SaaS, PaaS or IaaS products and platforms. Ability to speak and write in English and Russian or Polish fluently and idiomatically. Preferred qualifications: Experience using CRM systems (e.g. Salesforce.com). Demonstrated track record in reaching and exceeding strategic goals in the technology industry with SaaS, PaaS or IaaS products. Technically minded, with an in-depth understanding of the technology and cloud computing market, and a passion for Google Cloud products (G Suite, Google Cloud Platform). Ability to effectively operate with enthusiasm and flexibility in a fast-paced, constantly evolving team environment. Ability to build influential relationships and deliver results in a cross-functional/matrixed environment. Goal-oriented, self-motivated individual who is confident and thorough with demonstrated organizational and project management capabilities. Effective communication and presentation skills, both written and verbal. ;description-section text: Note: By applying to this position your application is automatically submitted to the following locations: Mountain View, CA, USA; New York, NY, USA;description-section text with-benefits: As a member of the Google Cloud team, you inspire leading companies, schools, and government agencies to work smarter with Google tools like G Suite, Search, and Chrome. You advocate the innovative power of our products to make organizations more productive, collaborative, and mobile. Using your passion for Google products, you help spread the magic of Google to organizations around the world. Based in a sales hub, and working within a territory team, you will apply best-in-class pipeline generation skills to identify new prospects in medium sized companies and large enterprises. By championing the innovative power of our products, you’ll bring opportunities through the full sales cycle, as well as identifying business opportunities for existing Google Cloud customers.  Using your passion for Google products, you help spread the magic of Google to organizations in your assigned territory and help accelerate their growth. Google Cloud helps millions of employees and organizations empower their employees, serve their customers, and build what’s next for their business — all with technology built in the cloud. Our products are engineered for security, reliability and scalability, running the full stack from infrastructure to applications to devices and hardware. And our teams are dedicated to helping our customers — developers, small and large businesses, educational institutions and government agencies — see the benefits of our technology come to life.
230	Google	Staffing Programs Impact Specialist	Mountain View, CA, United States	description-section:  Responsibilities   Partner with leaders in Staffing Programs to define the qualitative and quantitative impact of their programs and initiatives, specifically as it relates to Diversity, Equity, and Inclusion. Collaborate with partners in Strategy and Effectiveness to define and develop metrics to track the impact of programs individually and in aggregate across the organization. Work with leaders and points of contact across Staffing Programs to uniformly track and report on impact. Partner with the Effectiveness team to provide Programs specific updates relevant to organizational and company-wide goals.   Qualifications  Minimum qualifications: BA/BS degree or equivalent practical experience. 3 years of experience as an analyst or in an analytical role. Preferred qualifications: Experience designing program-specific metrics and evaluating impact, especially in the diversity and inclusion space. Ability to work in a fast-paced, constantly evolving environment. ;description-section text: Note: By applying to this position your application is automatically submitted to the following locations: Chicago, IL, USA; Mountain View, CA, USA; New York, NY, USA; San Francisco, CA, USA;description-section text with-benefits: Google's known for our innovative technologies, products and services -- and for the people behind them. Whether you are making our staffing systems more efficient, planning for our growth, building relationships on college campuses or cultivating the next generation of computer scientists, you have an eye on the staffing needs of Google and the broader hiring landscape. You are focused on cultivating outstanding candidates for Google's long-term hiring needs, and you are the glue that ties together a cross-functional and international group of staffing teams. You are both scrappy and resourceful, creative and driven -- and excited to share the magic of working at Google. As a Staffing Programs Impact Specialist, you will leverage your ability to define programmatic objectives and strong analytical skills to help Staffers define the impact of their diversity and inclusion related programs. You analyze individual initiatives and articulate impact at a team and organizational level. In this role, you will partner with your colleagues in Staffing Programs, the Equity, Diversity, Inclusion, and Integrity (EDII) team, and the Strategy and Effectiveness team to help tell the story of impact, identify opportunities to scale, and highlight areas to increase program/initiative efficacy, specifically within the Staffing Programs team. Great just isn't good enough for our People Operations team (you probably know us better as "Human Resources"). Made up of equal parts HR professionals, former consultants and analysts, we're the champions of Google's colorful culture. In People Ops, we "find them, grow them, and keep them" - we bring the world's most innovative people to Google and provide the programs that help them thrive. Whether recruiting the next great Googler, refining our core programs, developing talent or simply looking for ways to inject some more fun into the lives of our Googlers, we bring a data-driven approach that is reinventing the human resources field.
231	Google	Global Sourcing and Supply Manager, Passive Components, Consumer Hardware	Palo Alto, CA, United States	description-section:  Responsibilities   Develop and action strategies for consumer products; identify and implement new opportunities for cost savings/avoidance including optimizing the supply base. Develop an understanding of cost competing technologies, process and products to guide and influence product development and decisions. Collaborate closely with cross-functional teams to identify opportunities and risks related to product design and business plans. Develop global sourcing strategies with defined plans for cost savings, risk assessment and mitigation and supply planning agreements. Address all areas of global sourcing and supply chain management including commodity business plans, supplier performance management, global market, pricing analysis, agreements, securing supply and procurement support.   Qualifications  Minimum qualifications: BA/BS degree or equivalent practical experience. 6 years of work experience in a similar role. 3 years of experience in Commodity/Supply Chain Management or Strategic Sourcing. Experience in sourcing and procurement of electronic components like resistors, capacitors, inductors, transformers, diodes, FETs, Power ICsm OpAmps, etc. Preferred qualifications: MBA, Master's or PhD degree. 10 years of experience in a similar role. 7 years of experience in Commodity/Supply Chain Management. Effective communication, interpersonal, sourcing, and collaboration skills, with excellent project management skills. Ability to travel up to 10% of the time. ;description-section text: Note: By applying to this position your application is automatically submitted to the following locations: Chicago, IL, USA; Mountain View, CA, USA; New York, NY, USA; San Francisco, CA, USA;description-section text with-benefits: As a Global Sourcing and Supply Manager, you will lead and support the development, implementation and management of global strategies to provide Nest Labs with optimal flexibility, quality, and supply assurance. Working closely with Product Management, Hardware/Software Engineering, Industrial Design, Quality Engineering and Operations teams, you will maintain long-term supplier relationships. You will collaborate with Engineering teams to ensure Nest has the supplies and equipment to put into production the innovative products coming from our Engineering teams. You will use your wide industry knowledge and strategic supplier relationships to optimize our total cost of ownership for our global -- and growing -- infrastructure. Google's mission is to organize the world's information and make it universally accessible and useful. Only one thing consistently stands in the way between our users and the world's information—hardware. Our Consumer Hardware team researches, designs, and develops new technologies and hardware to make our user's interaction with computing faster, more powerful, and seamless. Whether finding new ways to capture and sense the world around us, advancing form factors, or improving interaction methods, our Consumer Hardware team is making people's lives better through technology.
232	Nest	Senior Software Engineer, Tools and Infrastructure - Nest Products	Palo Alto, CA, United States	description-section:  Responsibilities   Develop and action strategies for consumer products; identify and implement new opportunities for cost savings/avoidance including optimizing the supply base. Develop an understanding of cost competing technologies, process and products to guide and influence product development and decisions. Collaborate closely with cross-functional teams to identify opportunities and risks related to product design and business plans. Develop global sourcing strategies with defined plans for cost savings, risk assessment and mitigation and supply planning agreements. Address all areas of global sourcing and supply chain management including commodity business plans, supplier performance management, global market, pricing analysis, agreements, securing supply and procurement support.   Qualifications  Minimum qualifications: BA/BS degree or equivalent practical experience. 6 years of work experience in a similar role. 3 years of experience in Commodity/Supply Chain Management or Strategic Sourcing. Experience in sourcing and procurement of electronic components like resistors, capacitors, inductors, transformers, diodes, FETs, Power ICsm OpAmps, etc. Preferred qualifications: MBA, Master's or PhD degree. 10 years of experience in a similar role. 7 years of experience in Commodity/Supply Chain Management. Effective communication, interpersonal, sourcing, and collaboration skills, with excellent project management skills. Ability to travel up to 10% of the time. ;description-section text: Note: By applying to this position your application is automatically submitted to the following locations: Chicago, IL, USA; Mountain View, CA, USA; New York, NY, USA; San Francisco, CA, USA;description-section text with-benefits:  Are you passionate about applying technologies that make an impact? At Nest you'll have the opportunity to shape the consumer electronics business, join a world class engineering team, and help revolutionize the next unloved device in our homes. You'll be building the infrastructure and protocols that drive the expanding Nest ecosystem and create the thoughtful home.  Nest’s Integration Engineering team is looking for an experienced senior engineer for the next Nest product to develop test suites, automation infrastructure, tools and fixtures to ensure we have the highest quality devices for our customers. Engineers in the role will have the opportunity to gain a breadth of understanding about sensors, embedded platforms, machine learning and communications. The work: Design and build tooling and extensible test infrastructure to help engineering teams measure and increase their velocity and productivity  Develop test suites, frameworks and tools to validate Nest software features  Analyze and debug an embedded software system and design a strategy to test this system  Understand user behavior and develop test infrastructure that factor environmental and manufacturing tolerances  Collaborate with senior engineers through the entire software development lifecycle to solve complex engineering problems in tools and testing  Contribute towards test automation, infrastructure development and test development Minimum qualifications: A Bachelor’s degree in Computer Science, Computer Engineering, or equivalent practical experience  5+ years experience in a Test Automation, Continuous Integration, or similar role  5+ years in testing and debugging embedded software  5+ years experience with UNIX/Linux/OS X  5+ years experience with Python or C/C++  Demonstrate good coding style and practices  Detail oriented and able to work independently Preferred qualifications: Master’s degree in Computer Science, Computer Engineering, or equivalent practical experience  Understanding of sensor technologies, filtering/sensing algorithms and validation techniques  Comfortable working with low-power embedded applications  Experience with debugging tools and techniques  7+ years of experience in testing, UNIX/Linux/OS X and Python preferred 
233	Nest	Business Development Manager - Pro Channel – Central US	Austin, TX, United States	description-section:  Responsibilities   Develop and action strategies for consumer products; identify and implement new opportunities for cost savings/avoidance including optimizing the supply base. Develop an understanding of cost competing technologies, process and products to guide and influence product development and decisions. Collaborate closely with cross-functional teams to identify opportunities and risks related to product design and business plans. Develop global sourcing strategies with defined plans for cost savings, risk assessment and mitigation and supply planning agreements. Address all areas of global sourcing and supply chain management including commodity business plans, supplier performance management, global market, pricing analysis, agreements, securing supply and procurement support.   Qualifications  Minimum qualifications: BA/BS degree or equivalent practical experience. 6 years of work experience in a similar role. 3 years of experience in Commodity/Supply Chain Management or Strategic Sourcing. Experience in sourcing and procurement of electronic components like resistors, capacitors, inductors, transformers, diodes, FETs, Power ICsm OpAmps, etc. Preferred qualifications: MBA, Master's or PhD degree. 10 years of experience in a similar role. 7 years of experience in Commodity/Supply Chain Management. Effective communication, interpersonal, sourcing, and collaboration skills, with excellent project management skills. Ability to travel up to 10% of the time. ;description-section text: Note: By applying to this position your application is automatically submitted to the following locations: Chicago, IL, USA; Mountain View, CA, USA; New York, NY, USA; San Francisco, CA, USA;description-section text with-benefits: The Business Developer Manager for the Central US Region is an integral position that will drive sales of Nest products to the Professional channel across the territory. The Nest Professional Channel team is a diversified, high-powered, self enabled, and extremely motivated team of business development professionals. Located remotely across North America this team is focused on guiding professional trades to take advantage of Nest’s industry leading smart home technology. Nest is focused on creating the "Thoughtful Home" and we are paving the way for distributors, installers, and builders to enter the smart home space. Nest’s innovative products and leading brand offer channel partners a unique avenue to grow their businesses through differentiation, brand positioning and marketing.  We are looking for someone who understands the potential opportunities that smart and connected products provide our channel partners and can actively drive sales impact and influence across the region. If you love creating your own opportunities and feel like you are ready to work with the leading company in the smart home, then this may be the right team for you. The work: Aggressively grow sales of Nest and Works With Nest products within the professional channel including electrical, HVAC, Security and Custom Integration across the Central region  Develop and implement a market strategy to drive aggressive sales growth across the region  Manage and build relationships with channel partners including, market reps, distribution, builders, developers and installation partners  Create and implement sales and marketing programs in the region that drive Nest sales adoption  Identify, recruit, and convert new business through pro channel distribution, installers, builders and developers  Explore and create new business opportunities for Nest Pro to continue to expand its channel footprint  Meet with and influence installers, distributors, builders and developers to drive Nest product adoption  Effectively communicate the benefits of Nest’ innovative products and brand through strong presentation skills utilized in tradeshows, trainings and channel partner events  Ability to travel regionally up to 75% Minimum qualifications: BA/BS degree or equivalent experience  3+ years of previous experience working in a sales or business development role Preferred qualifications: Self starter who is hungry and determined  Thrives in a fast paced aggressive sales environment  Ability to effectively collaborate with team members and influence customers while being remote  Strong organizational and time management skills  Experience selling or working with top level executives while also having the ability and desire to relate with trade professionals  Experience working within the professional trades (HVAC, Security, CI, or Electrical)  Experience working with smart and connected products  Familiarity with Google slides, Google sheets, Google docs, and Gmail 
234	Google	Partner Marketing Manager, Google Cloud	Sunnyvale, CA, United States	description-section:  Responsibilities   Support development of the partner marketing strategy and program for Google Cloud. Collaborate with the Partner Sales Manager(s) in assigned region/territory. Define a prioritized list of partners to jointly develop awareness and demand generation initiatives that promote Google Cloud. Establish marketing strategy and plans, with partners, to drive demand and leads: account mapping latices, eDM, Banner adverts, syndicated media, webcasts, events, prospecting activities. Lead flow management from Partner to Google Sales and from Google Sales to Partners. Interface with content and programs teams. Manage lead flow with Google Sales Teams and Partner Sales, ensuring optimized process workflow into Salesforce (SFDC) and reporting. Collaborate with America's Partner Marketing teams to ensure uniform process and content usage.   Qualifications  Minimum qualifications: BA/BS degree or equivalent practical experience. 5 years of experience in partner marketing. Experience building and implementing large-scale enterprise or channel events. Preferred qualifications: Experience managing external creative agencies, events vendors, and international projects. Experience in the business technology market and expertise in working closely with channel partners or partner organization to develop business. Understanding of the enterprise software purchase, development and implementation cycles. Strong project management skills. Excellent quantitative reasoning, creativity and strategic skills. ;description-section text: Note: By applying to this position your application is automatically submitted to the following locations: Chicago, IL, USA; Mountain View, CA, USA; New York, NY, USA; San Francisco, CA, USA;description-section text with-benefits: Google is developing groundbreaking cloud solutions for companies, leveraging years of experience in building secure, reliable, and scalable cloud technology. With strong Google differentiation in data analytics and machine learning, security, application development and collaboration software, we’re well on our way -- but we need more people who can help us write, tell, and sell that story. If you’re as excited about building what’s next as we are, Google Cloud is the place for you. As a Partner Marketing Manager, you are a fully dedicated marketing leader, shaping the future of Google Cloud and will be part of an entrepreneurial team in a rapidly growing business. You will help recruit and enable partners in our growing partner ecosystem. In addition, you’ll be responsible for creating co-marketing relationships with some of our most strategic partners. You will craft and implement co-marketing campaigns to increase awareness and adoption of Google’s application platform products for developers and IT professionals including Google Cloud platform products as well as G Suite productivity and collaboration tools with partners. You will work to shape go-to-market messaging and strategy for new offerings with partners, create materials to help partners learn about the capabilities for the target audiences, test and optimize new marketing programs and work with partners to build an effective and scalable ecosystem. Google Cloud helps millions of employees and organizations empower their employees, serve their customers, and build what’s next for their business — all with technology built in the cloud. Our products are engineered for security, reliability and scalability, running the full stack from infrastructure to applications to devices and hardware. And our teams are dedicated to helping our customers — developers, small and large businesses, educational institutions and government agencies — see the benefits of our technology come to life.
235	Nest	Camera Engineering Manager	Palo Alto, CA, United States	description-section:  Responsibilities   Support development of the partner marketing strategy and program for Google Cloud. Collaborate with the Partner Sales Manager(s) in assigned region/territory. Define a prioritized list of partners to jointly develop awareness and demand generation initiatives that promote Google Cloud. Establish marketing strategy and plans, with partners, to drive demand and leads: account mapping latices, eDM, Banner adverts, syndicated media, webcasts, events, prospecting activities. Lead flow management from Partner to Google Sales and from Google Sales to Partners. Interface with content and programs teams. Manage lead flow with Google Sales Teams and Partner Sales, ensuring optimized process workflow into Salesforce (SFDC) and reporting. Collaborate with America's Partner Marketing teams to ensure uniform process and content usage.   Qualifications  Minimum qualifications: BA/BS degree or equivalent practical experience. 5 years of experience in partner marketing. Experience building and implementing large-scale enterprise or channel events. Preferred qualifications: Experience managing external creative agencies, events vendors, and international projects. Experience in the business technology market and expertise in working closely with channel partners or partner organization to develop business. Understanding of the enterprise software purchase, development and implementation cycles. Strong project management skills. Excellent quantitative reasoning, creativity and strategic skills. ;description-section text: Note: By applying to this position your application is automatically submitted to the following locations: Chicago, IL, USA; Mountain View, CA, USA; New York, NY, USA; San Francisco, CA, USA;description-section text with-benefits:  The Nest Camera team architects, designs, develops, and validates best in class camera subsystems for delivery to the market in Nest products. Our camera design engineers take full responsibility for the design and specification of these cameras.The work:  Manage Nest’s small but capable camera engineering team, which is responsible for the architecture, design, and validation of the imaging sub-system in Nest’s camera products.  Develop technology, personnel, and vendor roadmaps to ensure Nest’s long term leadership in the field of surveillance cameras  Lead discussions with product management and other cross functional teams about how to best use current and future imaging technologies to deliver high value experiences to our customers  Develop and support the engineers on the team  The team designs Nest’s future cameras by owning sensor selection, lens specifications, module architecture, and camera system level design  The team works with all cross-functional teams (software, product design, industrial design, program management, operations, finance, etc.) to deliver a successful product to market  The team manages camera vendors, including sensor, lens, and module manufacturers  The team validates their designs: component and system level validation, ensuring highest level image quality standards  The team brings the designs to mass production by setting factory test requirements, assists in software bring up, and travels on-site to the manufacturer to ensure the design is built and tested successfully  Minimum requirements:  BS/MS in engineering (electrical, mechanical, or related)  10+ years of practical camera engineering experience  Preferred requirements:  3 or more years direct management experience  Proven experience architecting and developing high volume cameras  Strong engineering fundamentals  CMOS image sensor experience including interfacing and tuning  Optics design and experience with stray light analysis  Image quality evaluation including test charts, algorithms, and lighting  Familiarity with digital imaging pipeline, image quality and algorithms (AE, AWB, etc)  Mechanical design and tolerance analysis of highly constrained, high-volume designs  Documentation of camera-specific design, test, and manufacturing requirements  Develop new test equipment and procedures for camera module validation and production test  Hands-on experience in prototype bring-up and debugging, functional verification and manufacturing support  Mandarin language skills a plus  Ability and willingness to travel internationally, up to 20% 
236	Nest	Contact Center Manager	Palo Alto, CA, United States	description-section:  Responsibilities   Support development of the partner marketing strategy and program for Google Cloud. Collaborate with the Partner Sales Manager(s) in assigned region/territory. Define a prioritized list of partners to jointly develop awareness and demand generation initiatives that promote Google Cloud. Establish marketing strategy and plans, with partners, to drive demand and leads: account mapping latices, eDM, Banner adverts, syndicated media, webcasts, events, prospecting activities. Lead flow management from Partner to Google Sales and from Google Sales to Partners. Interface with content and programs teams. Manage lead flow with Google Sales Teams and Partner Sales, ensuring optimized process workflow into Salesforce (SFDC) and reporting. Collaborate with America's Partner Marketing teams to ensure uniform process and content usage.   Qualifications  Minimum qualifications: BA/BS degree or equivalent practical experience. 5 years of experience in partner marketing. Experience building and implementing large-scale enterprise or channel events. Preferred qualifications: Experience managing external creative agencies, events vendors, and international projects. Experience in the business technology market and expertise in working closely with channel partners or partner organization to develop business. Understanding of the enterprise software purchase, development and implementation cycles. Strong project management skills. Excellent quantitative reasoning, creativity and strategic skills. ;description-section text: Note: By applying to this position your application is automatically submitted to the following locations: Chicago, IL, USA; Mountain View, CA, USA; New York, NY, USA; San Francisco, CA, USA;description-section text with-benefits: Nest's Customer Support Organization (CSO) is responsible for taking care of Nest’s consumer, professional, retailer, and channel partner customers with everything from pre-sales and order management questions to training and technical support. The work: Deploy contact center strategies, build partnerships, lead operations, and ensure competencies and compliance at a given site (location) to provide high quality customer care and technical support for customers  Lead a partner-resourced team to contribute to the network-wide contact center operations, directing their support activity, guiding their performance, and tracking their results  Work with selected vendors to align contact center operations with the contract (i.e., statement of work), product portfolio, customer requirements, contact volumes, channel dynamics, policies & procedures, and any special business programs and targets  Maintain appropriate staffing, training and service levels and standards to optimize customer satisfaction with total support costs  Oversee the implementation of the company’s prescribed policies and procedures to ensure efficiency, effectiveness, and compliance  Foster agent proficiency at the site by focusing on vendor-administered selection criteria, on boarding, work environment, skill development, certification, remediation, rewards, communications, and career paths  Act as a liaison between Nest and the partner site to maintain network disciplines and performance involving telecommunications, tools, and protocols to ensure proper capacity planning, contact distribution, event routing, interaction quality, data capture, and agent productivity Minimum qualifications: Bachelor’s degree  4+ years of experience in contact center operations  Management and/or supervisory experience  1+ years working in customer service function for a hi-tech or consumer electronics product  Experience in deploying, administering, or using CRM and/or Telephony systems  Experience in working in a cross-team and cross-site collaborative environment Preferred qualifications: Executive-level communication skills and experience  Track record of excellent business judgement and application of best practices in operations  Ability to make key decisions independently and under pressure  Program and project management expertise and/or credentials  Vendor management experience  Analytical and detail-oriented 
237	Google	Transformation Lead (India), Mobile Sites	Bengaluru, India	description-section:  Responsibilities   Consult with customers to provide data-driven User Experience (UX) recommendations to improve the performance of their website/app. Liaise with account management teams and customers to track progress and impact. Train and lead a community of in-market product experts. Travel to supported markets where appropriate. Scale adoption across all relevant markets. Support Performance team on analytics and metric tracking, and recommend business goals for the regions. Lead initiatives and drive core cross-functional projects, including working with Developer Relations, Google Technical Services, Sales Finance, Sales Operations and other members of the Performance Solutions team.   Qualifications  Minimum qualifications: 5 years of experience in web design, app design, user experience, website development, Android development, product marketing or product management.Experience in UX A/B Testing. Experience in HTML, CSS, AMP and PWA. Experience in consultative business development and solution sales management. Experience being a product manager on front end projects in consumer-facing companies Preferred qualifications: Experience in influencing across functions and countries, and in managing virtual teams within a large organization. Experience working with e-commerce companies or performance advertisers. Demonstrated strategic and analytical capability, balanced with creativity and readiness to roll-up sleeves to drive success and impact. Demonstrated technical skills in mobile, with the ability to address our complex product offerings and to translate them simply for partners and customers. Demonstrated leadership skills, with the ability to communicate research, conceptual ideas and design rationale, all within a user-centered design process. Results-driven individual, with the ability to lead complex operational and strategic cross-functional initiatives. ;description-section text: Note: By applying to this position your application is automatically submitted to the following locations: Gurugram, Haryana, India; Mumbai, Maharashtra, India; Bengaluru, Karnataka, India;description-section text with-benefits: Businesses that partner with Google come in all shapes, sizes and market caps, and no one Google advertising solution works for all. Your knowledge of online media combined with your communication skills and analytical abilities shapes how new and existing business grow. Using your influencing and relationship-building skills, you provide Google-caliber client service, research and market analysis. You anticipate how decisions are made, persistently explore and uncover the business needs of Google's key clients and understand how our range of product offerings can grow their business. Working with them, you set the vision and the strategy for how their advertising can reach thousands of users. The Performance team is an exciting customer-facing team whose mission is to accelerate performance of complex and/or emerging Google solutions in media and measurement. We work with Large Customer Sales (LCS) Account Managers and Specialists, Go-to-Market (GTM), Product, Google Technical Services and the Operational Efficiency team to incubate complex new products, opportunities and betas, building proof points and best practices, and helping to determine the best way to scale into partner teams. We achieve this by providing specialist consultancy to some of our most strategic customers across our most complex areas.  In this role, you will act as an expert in Mobile User Experience, building critical skills for the success of online businesses. Your job will be to analyze customer web assets, deep dive into their analytics data, identify areas for improvements on their website, and help them to deploy improvements that will drive enhanced performance. You will also play a key role in scaling this expertise to other specialist teams. Our Large Customer Sales teams partner closely with many of the world’s biggest advertisers and agencies to develop digital solutions that build strong businesses and brands. We enjoy a bird’s eye view on the massive transformation occurring as advertising shifts to mobile and online platforms. We're uniquely situated to help shape how companies grow their businesses in the digital age. We advise clients on Google's broad range of products across search, video and mobile to help them connect instantly and seamlessly with their audiences.
238	Google	Developer Advocate, Ads - London	London, United Kingdom	description-section:  Responsibilities   Guide strategic partners in building scalable and efficient platforms using the AdWords APIs. Participate in technical and design discussions with engineering executives at strategic partners to speed adoption and ensure best practices during implementation. Design, write and maintain open source solutions. Identify and build solutions for integrating the AdWords API with other Google products. Collaborate with product and engineering teams to define roadmaps and prioritize new features.   Qualifications  Minimum qualifications: BA/BS degree in Computer Science, Mathematics, Physics or an equivalent discipline, or equivalent practical experience. Experience in one or more of the following programming languages: Java, PHP, Python, Ruby, .NET, C++, JavaScript and/or Go. Experience in a similar role, working directly with stakeholders and APIs. Preferred qualifications: Experience working directly with large partners on complex backend projects. Experience in blogging and writing technical articles. Excellent critical thinking and public speaking skills, with experience presenting to large technical audiences.  ;description-section text: Note: By applying to this position your application is automatically submitted to the following locations: Gurugram, Haryana, India; Mumbai, Maharashtra, India; Bengaluru, Karnataka, India;description-section text with-benefits: The Developer Relations organization helps keep us connected to the communities that love technology as much as we do. Our focus is on supporting third party developers who build applications and businesses on Google's platforms. Developer Advocates act as passionate advocates for Google technologies, and are vocal champions for developer interests within Google. This is a position for engineers who love connecting with developers and speaking publicly about cutting-edge technologies on conference panels, at user groups, on blogs and with the press. You also communicate internally with Product Managers. Your work fosters a community of developers working with Google technologies and helps to drive strategy around Developer Relations. Developer Advocates provide strategic guidance and solutions by bridging the gap between internal and external stakeholders.  We are strategic partners that work with the 3rd party engineers who are building applications and businesses with Google’s AdWords API. You will provide architectural guidance to partners and create and maintain open source solutions that can be used across multiple use cases.  You'll advocate for developers working with Google technologies and help drive solutions that are applicable to AdWords API users worldwide. You are on the frontline of innovation and communicate internally with Product Managers and engineers to ensure product direction. Users come first at Google. Nowhere is this more important than on our Advertising & Commerce team: we believe that ads and commercial information can be highly useful to our users if, and only if, that information is relevant to what our users wish to find or do. Advertisers worldwide use AdWords to promote their products; publishers use AdSense to serve relevant ads on their website; and business around the world use our products (like Google Shopping, and Google Wallet) to support their online businesses and bring users into their offline stores. We build and maintain the platforms that have made Google what it is today, and are constantly innovating to deliver the most effective advertising and commerce opportunities of tomorrow.
239	Google	DoubleClick Account Executive, Media Platforms	Montréal, QC, Canada	description-section:  Responsibilities   Work collaboratively with a team to drive business growth and relationship from a select set of our largest customers. Develop and maintain senior relationships to serve as a trusted partner with our most strategic customers. Drive strategic account and business planning to define your strategies and tactics. Build and maintain in-depth technical knowledge of the Google/DoubleClick solutions. Advocate for DoubleClick Campaign Manager, DoubleClick Bid Manager and Google Analytics 360 both internally and externally.   Qualifications  Minimum qualifications: 8 years of experience in advertising or enterprise technology sales, with experience in the online advertising ecosystem. BA/BS degree or equivalent practical experience. Preferred qualifications: Experience managing complex programmatic campaigns on behalf of advertisers, agencies, or trading desks. Experience in building relationships at senior levels. Demonstrated strategic and analytical sales approach. Ability to navigate ambiguity and manage competing priorities. Excellent written and verbal communications skills and the ability to influence both internally and externally. Willingness to travel. ;description-section text: Note: By applying to this position your application is automatically submitted to the following locations: Gurugram, Haryana, India; Mumbai, Maharashtra, India; Bengaluru, Karnataka, India;description-section text with-benefits: Businesses that partner with Google come in all shapes, sizes and market caps, and no one Google advertising solution works for all. Your knowledge of online media combined with your communication skills and analytical abilities shapes how new and existing business grow. Using your influencing and relationship-building skills, you provide Google-caliber client service, research and market analysis. You anticipate how decisions are made, persistently explore and uncover the business needs of Google's key clients and understand how our range of product offerings can grow their business. Working with them, you set the vision and the strategy for how their advertising can reach thousands of users. The primary responsibility of the Account Executive is to grow new business with Google’s advertisers. You'll manage business relationships to ensure that our clients' needs and requirements are met. This will require you to serve as their advocate within Google while collaborating with other Google teams to provide them with a comprehensive portfolio of solutions and options.  This is client-facing business role requiring deep industry expertise, proven business ability with a particular penchant for developing agreements and a broad base of industry contacts. You understand and anticipate how decisions are made and you will persistently explore and uncover the business needs of Google's key clients.New Product Solutions is the link between Google’s Product and Sales organizations. We turn product innovations into client solutions that enable our customers to get the most out of Google’s advertising products and the web. We partner with Sales team members in building the strongest commercial strategy, and we equip customer-facing Googlers with essential product expertise. We are fascinated by all things digital and passionate about shaping the quickly evolving world of online advertising.
240	Google	Account Executive, Financial Services Vertical	Toronto, ON, Canada	description-section:  Responsibilities   Work collaboratively with a team to drive growth with new and existing customers. Develop high-level relationships to serve as a trusted consultant with major customers to optimize their advertising. Generate business plans to define strategies and tactics. Understand and adapt to Google's ongoing product and technology developments. Manage multiple cross-product opportunities and projects.   Qualifications  Minimum qualifications: BA/BS degree or equivalent practical experience 10 years of experience in advertising sales, digital marketing, consulting, or media. Ability to speak and write in English and French fluently and idiomatically. Preferred qualifications: Demonstrable media experience in business development, client relationships and consultation. Experience working cross-functionally in a large organization. Knowledge of, and established relationships within, the advertising industry and Finance industry vertical. Knowledge of online ads, especially for search and display ads and campaign performance management. Excellent customer service, communication, presentation and creative problem-solving skills. ;description-section text: Note: By applying to this position your application is automatically submitted to the following locations: Montreal, QC, Canada; Toronto, ON, Canada;description-section text with-benefits: Businesses that partner with Google come in all shapes, sizes and market caps, and no one Google advertising solution works for all. Your knowledge of online media combined with your communication skills and analytical abilities shapes how new and existing business grow. Using your influencing and relationship-building skills, you provide Google-caliber client service, research and market analysis. You anticipate how decisions are made, persistently explore and uncover the business needs of Google's key clients and understand how our range of product offerings can grow their business. Working with them, you set the vision and the strategy for how their advertising can reach thousands of users. As a Google Account Executive, you'll help to provide integrated, cross-platform advertising solutions. Your primary responsibility as an Account Executive is to drive and grow new business with Google’s advertisers. You'll manage business relationships to ensure that the clients' needs and requirements are met. This will require you to serve as their advocate within Google while collaborating with other Google teams to provide them with a comprehensive portfolio of solutions and options. This is a client-facing sales role, and you will have deep industry expertise, proven sales ability and a broad base of industry contacts. Our Large Customer Sales teams partner closely with many of the world’s biggest advertisers and agencies to develop digital solutions that build strong businesses and brands. We enjoy a bird’s eye view on the massive transformation occurring as advertising shifts to mobile and online platforms. We're uniquely situated to help shape how companies grow their businesses in the digital age. We advise clients on Google's broad range of products across search, video and mobile to help them connect instantly and seamlessly with their audiences.
241	Nest	Test Engineer - Nest Communications	Palo Alto, CA, United States	description-section:  Responsibilities   Work collaboratively with a team to drive growth with new and existing customers. Develop high-level relationships to serve as a trusted consultant with major customers to optimize their advertising. Generate business plans to define strategies and tactics. Understand and adapt to Google's ongoing product and technology developments. Manage multiple cross-product opportunities and projects.   Qualifications  Minimum qualifications: BA/BS degree or equivalent practical experience 10 years of experience in advertising sales, digital marketing, consulting, or media. Ability to speak and write in English and French fluently and idiomatically. Preferred qualifications: Demonstrable media experience in business development, client relationships and consultation. Experience working cross-functionally in a large organization. Knowledge of, and established relationships within, the advertising industry and Finance industry vertical. Knowledge of online ads, especially for search and display ads and campaign performance management. Excellent customer service, communication, presentation and creative problem-solving skills. ;description-section text: Note: By applying to this position your application is automatically submitted to the following locations: Montreal, QC, Canada; Toronto, ON, Canada;description-section text with-benefits:  Nest’s Communications Technology Integration Engineering team is looking for a strong Software Engineer in Test for its connectivity technologies and network stack validation to work on current and future consumer electronic devices. The role involves the development of automated test suites and validation strategies to ensure we have the highest quality products for our customers. Experience in embedded devices and testing infrastructure development is highly desired.  Engineers in the role will have the opportunity to gain a breadth of understanding about all of the wireless technologies Nest products depend on; with a particular focus on Thread, embedded platforms, machine learning, and automated test platforms.  Thread is a new networking protocol based on the 802.15.4 MAC/PHY with a mission to connect all devices within a home. Nest is a founding member of the Thread Group and has recently released Nest Secure which utilizes Thread technology.  This role is a key technical contributor that works cross-functionally with Software/Firmware developers, cross-functional product Validation teams, Hardware Engineering and Project Management to develop system test strategies, test plans, infrastructure requirements, perform test execution and report on the status of projects.  The work:  Analyze and decompose an intricate embedded software system  Define and design testing methodologies for network protocol stacks, drivers, and modem firmware  Understanding and definition of logging tools, collect logs, analyze data, and debug  Understand product targeted features and use cases, develop test cases that factor parameters important for typical and corner use cases  Develop test suites, frameworks, and tools to validate features, conformance, and application specific use cases  Reproduce and document networking related issues through log and sniffer analysis  Collaborate with Engineering team, field trial users and 3rd party vendors to successfully drive issues to resolution  Minimum qualifications:  BA/BS degree in Computer Science, Computer Engineering, Electrical Engineering or equivalent practical experience  2+ year of programming experience in one or more of the following: Python, Perl, C/C++, or Assembly language  Strong background in test automation development  Preferred qualifications:  Master’s degree in Computer Science, Computer Engineering, Electrical Engineering or equivalent practical experience  Experience with wireless specific test equipment like Sniffers, Wideband Radio Communication Testers, Protocol analyzers  Hands-on experience in testing of individual blocks of a wireless network solution, e.g. modem protocol stack & firmware  Experience with client software application testing and test automation  Comfortable working with low-power embedded applications  Experience with debugging tools and techniques (ie. gdb)  Understanding of sensor technologies, filtering/sensing algorithms, and validation techniques  Experience with one or more Wireless Technologies such as (Cellular, 802.11, 802.15.4, BLE) 
242	Google	People Consultant	Gurugram, India	description-section:  Responsibilities   Provide HR support and consultation to our Googler and Manager clients, answering employee and manager questions about HR programs, policies, and other HR-related items. Advise on performance management issues and lead minor investigations and reorganizations. Assist People Partners with planning and roll-out of HR programs and initiatives. Triage Googler enquiries via our internal systems and connect Googlers to the right subject-matter expert when necessary. Identify opportunities to improve HR policies by gaining insights across multiple experiences of Googlers/Managers. Identify and propose solutions to correct inconsistent HR policies and gaps.   Qualifications  Minimum qualifications: BA/BS degree or equivalent practical experience. 5 years of HR Business Partner or generalist experience. Preferred qualifications: MBA or Master's degree. Demonstrated experience with cross-functional collaboration and influencing stakeholders. Client-service experience with a strong focus on delivering exceptional customer service. Effective interpersonal, teamwork and organizational skills. ;description-section text: Note: By applying to this position your application is automatically submitted to the following locations: Montreal, QC, Canada; Toronto, ON, Canada;description-section text with-benefits: People Operations strives to revolutionize human resources the same way that Google has revolutionized search. We are helping to find, grow and keep the remarkable assemblage of talent who are our Googlers. You'll be a champion of Google's culture and values, partnering with our business leaders to help them build their organizations and make sure all people decisions are based on data. Whether coaching your clients on how to lead their teams, navigating and resolving employee relations issues or managing programs that help develop our Googlers, you are exceptionally focused on putting them first, and being as clear and transparent as possible to help Googlers understand how people decisions get made. In this role, you will deliver solutions to HR Business Partners (HRBPs) and clients seamlessly. You will be responsible for coaching clients, navigating and resolving employee relations issues, and managing programs that help to develop our Googlers. You will use your communication, organization and collaboration skills on a global scale with a wide variety of stakeholders. You will also work closely with the HRBPs and liaise with other functions (e.g. communications, etc) and stakeholders across Google.Great just isn't good enough for our People Operations team (you probably know us better as "Human Resources"). Made up of equal parts HR professionals, former consultants and analysts, we're the champions of Google's colorful culture. In People Ops, we "find them, grow them, and keep them" - we bring the world's most innovative people to Google and provide the programs that help them thrive. Whether recruiting the next great Googler, refining our core programs, developing talent or simply looking for ways to inject some more fun into the lives of our Googlers, we bring a data-driven approach that is reinventing the human resources field.
243	Google	Brand Measurement and Safety Specialist, PSS SPLatAm	Mexico City, Mexico	description-section:  Responsibilities   Drive value proposition and strategy across proprietary and third-party Reach/GRP measurement solutions, leveraging them to articulate the value of Google. Work with internal solutions, i.e Brand Lift, unique reach, GRPs, TRPs, and external solutions with 3P, i.e Sales lift, Viewability, MMM. Lead Brand measurement solutions including working with Large Customer Sales team (LCS), Public Relations team, executives, and other product management team members. Lead these conversations as a referent. Influence go-to-market teams to shape Spanish speaking countries in Latin America (SPLA) objectives and key results (OKRs) and activation plans for our sales teams in order to help our customers make Google a core part of their marketing plans based on measurement solutions to prove Google's contribution to brand Key Performance Indicators (KPIs).   Qualifications  Minimum qualifications: BA/BS degree or equivalent practical experience. 5 years of experience in digital advertising sales, product marketing or product management. 3 years of experience in market research and measurement, and project management experience. Experience in digital branding and Google’s measurement products and consultative sales. Client-facing experience. Preferred qualifications: MBA degree. Agency/Brand advertiser experience or experience servicing agencies. Working knowledge of brand advertiser needs, KPIs and digital marketing plans. Organized self-starter with ability to manage multiple projects from inception to completion. Demonstrated ability to manage highly strategic and difficult business problems. Ability to create influential relationships and work in a cross-functional, team matrixed environment. Oral and written communications skills across internal and external stakeholders. ;description-section text: Note: By applying to this position your application is automatically submitted to the following locations: Montreal, QC, Canada; Toronto, ON, Canada;description-section text with-benefits: Businesses that partner with Google come in all shapes, sizes and market caps, and no one Google advertising solution works for all. Your knowledge of online media combined with your communication skills and analytical abilities shapes how new and existing business grow. Using your influencing and relationship-building skills, you provide Google-caliber client service, research and market analysis. You anticipate how decisions are made, persistently explore and uncover the business needs of Google's key clients and understand how our range of product offerings can grow their business. Working with them, you set the vision and the strategy for how their advertising can reach thousands of users. Together with the Americas team, you´ll be responsible for all YouTube solutions that aim to have a platform that is suitable for our advertisers and aligned with their brand values. The Brand Measurement vision is to partner with industry leading third-party measurement companies and build proprietary solutions that assess brand impact of advertising in Google products. This role is focused on third-party (i.e Viewabilty, Sales Lift, Media Mix Modeling (MMM)), as well as Google-owned solutions to measure post-campaign Brand Lift Survey, Reach, Frequency, GRP and TRP metrics.  You are a strong specialist with deep knowledge of brand advertiser marketing objectives and possess the ability to bridge cross-functional teams, and drive our products’ value proposition. You will work to drive business growth through the identification of relevant opportunities, finding creative solutions that support our clients in measuring the success of their advertising campaigns. Our Large Customer Sales teams partner closely with many of the world’s biggest advertisers and agencies to develop digital solutions that build strong businesses and brands. We enjoy a bird’s eye view on the massive transformation occurring as advertising shifts to mobile and online platforms. We're uniquely situated to help shape how companies grow their businesses in the digital age. We advise clients on Google's broad range of products across search, video and mobile to help them connect instantly and seamlessly with their audiences.
244	Google	Engineering Practicum Intern 2018	Beijing, China	description-section:  Responsibilities   Specific responsibilities vary by project area.   Qualifications  Minimum qualifications: Currently enrolled in a 4 year Bachelor's degree program, majoring, or intending to major, in Computer Science or a closely related field at a university in the same country/region of the session to which you are applying. Must be in your second year of education. Preferred qualifications: Programming experience in either Java, Python, C, or C++. ;description-section text: For immediate consideration, please send a text (ASCII), HTML, PDF or DOC version of your resume in English to jobs@google.com. Important: The subject field of your email must include Engineering Practicum Intern 2018 - Beijing or Shanghai. Our team will review applications on a rolling basis and it's in the candidate's best interests to apply early. All hiring will be completed by the end of May 2018. This internship will run from between July 2018 to October 2018, for a consecutive 14 weeks. Thank you for your patience while we consider your application.Note: By applying to this position your application is automatically submitted to the following locations: Beijing, China; Shanghai, China;description-section text with-benefits: Google aspires to be an organization that reflects the globally diverse audience that our search engine and tools serve. We believe that, in addition to hiring the best talent, a diversity of perspectives, ideas and cultures leads to the creation of better products and services.  Google is invested in increasing the pipeline of future computer scientists and software developers, particularly those who are historically underrepresented in the field. Many aspiring computer scientists could benefit from a program that bridges the gap between academic study and a professional internship. We want to inspire these students to continue in the field with this program.  With this in mind, Google is pleased to announce that the 2018 Engineering Practicum internship program will now be open to university students currently in their second year, majoring, or intending to major in, Computer Science or a related subject. This program includes three main components: a software project, skills-based training and professional development.  This internship program includes: Software Project: A three-month development project that you will work on with a team of Googlers and other Engineering Practicum interns. Skills-Based Training: Enhance your coding skills, and gain exposure to new tools and programming languages. Professional Development: Attend ongoing technical talks by senior Googlers. Additionally, learn how to enhance your resume, tackle technical interviews, and improve your presentation skills. Mentorship: Be matched with a Google engineer, other than your manager, who will guide you through your summer experience. Fun: Participate in social activities, community building and networking. Build relationships with your peers. Exposure: Gain a unique glimpse into applying your computer science studies in a professional environment.Google is and always will be an engineering company. We hire people with a broad set of technical skills who are ready to tackle some of technology's greatest challenges and make an impact on millions, if not billions, of users. At Google, engineers not only revolutionize search, they routinely work on massive scalability and storage solutions, large-scale applications and entirely new platforms for developers around the world. From AdWords to Chrome, Android to YouTube, Social to Local, Google engineers are changing the world one technological achievement after another.
245	Nest	Test Engineer, Embedded Software - Nest Camera	Palo Alto, CA, United States	description-section:  Responsibilities   Specific responsibilities vary by project area.   Qualifications  Minimum qualifications: Currently enrolled in a 4 year Bachelor's degree program, majoring, or intending to major, in Computer Science or a closely related field at a university in the same country/region of the session to which you are applying. Must be in your second year of education. Preferred qualifications: Programming experience in either Java, Python, C, or C++. ;description-section text: For immediate consideration, please send a text (ASCII), HTML, PDF or DOC version of your resume in English to jobs@google.com. Important: The subject field of your email must include Engineering Practicum Intern 2018 - Beijing or Shanghai. Our team will review applications on a rolling basis and it's in the candidate's best interests to apply early. All hiring will be completed by the end of May 2018. This internship will run from between July 2018 to October 2018, for a consecutive 14 weeks. Thank you for your patience while we consider your application.Note: By applying to this position your application is automatically submitted to the following locations: Beijing, China; Shanghai, China;description-section text with-benefits: Nest Cam’s Integration Engineering team is looking for strong test engineers to lead all aspects of new product and feature qualification from concept to post-release monitoring to ensure we quickly ship features that delight customers. Engineers in the role will have the opportunity to gain a breadth of understanding about what makes Nest’s camera products tick. Specifically you will be responsible for testing the embedded systems that rely on sensors, machine learning and cloud connectivity. The ideal candidate has a strong background in low-level and system/test development for embedded devices and has worked on or tested camera firmware.  The work:  Review new features at design and implementation time for compatibility with existing features, feasibility of implementation, testability, test coverage and monitorability  Develop and drive sustainable test plans that account for new and legacy products  Automate tests for an embedded software system to cover new and existing features, focusing on hermetic, stable, and fast tests that maximize code and feature coverage and factor in user behavior, environmental variation, and manufacturing tolerances  Identify key product indicators to monitor once software has been shipped to customers  Drive requirements with adjacent engineering teams for tools that automatically gather and expose key product indicators for new features  Root-cause test failures and indicator changes, identifying responsible teams and driving quick resolution of product, infrastructure, and environment issues  Maintain database of test cases both existing and future with thoroughness and consistency  Minimum qualifications:  A bachelor’s degree in Computer Science, Computer Engineering, or equivalent practical experience  3+ year’s experience with software application testing and test automation  3+ year’s experience with UNIX, Linux, or OS X  3+ year’s experience with Python, Ruby, or Perl  3+ year’s experience with C or C++  Strong test plan and test case writing skills  Preferred qualifications:  A master’s degree in Computer Science, Computer Engineering, Software Engineering, or equivalent practical experience  3+ year’s of experience with pdb or similar debugging tools  3+ year’s of experience testing clients of RESTful web services  5+ year’s of experience with software application testing and test automation  5+ year’s of experience with UNIX, Linux, or OS X  5+ year’s of experience with Python  Demonstrate good coding style and practices  Understanding of sensor technologies, filtering/sensing algorithms, and validation techniques  Strong ability to multi-task and prioritize  Strong time management skills  Detail oriented and able to work independently  Strong organizational skills *LI-DNI
246	GoogleFiber	Tools Specialist, Google Fiber	Mountain View, CA, United States	description-section:  Responsibilities   Design, code and test internal tools to create an excellent customer support experience for our users. Identify and implement technical solutions to efficiently scale our support model. Build relationships with internal and external partners to better understand and support use of our tools. Analyze and monitor key metrics to drive request prioritization and issue resolution.   Qualifications  Minimum qualifications: BA/BS degree or equivalent practical experience. Experience with Python and/or Go, JavaScript and HTML. Experience with web application development. Preferred qualifications: Practical Machine Learning experience. Experience in building customer service infrastructure. Knowledge of building efficient user interfaces with JavaScript frameworks. Strong algorithmic and data structure knowledge with practical applications. A passion for providing excellent customer support. Strong communication skills and ability to work independently. ;description-section text: For immediate consideration, please send a text (ASCII), HTML, PDF or DOC version of your resume in English to jobs@google.com. Important: The subject field of your email must include Engineering Practicum Intern 2018 - Beijing or Shanghai. Our team will review applications on a rolling basis and it's in the candidate's best interests to apply early. All hiring will be completed by the end of May 2018. This internship will run from between July 2018 to October 2018, for a consecutive 14 weeks. Thank you for your patience while we consider your application.Note: By applying to this position your application is automatically submitted to the following locations: Beijing, China; Shanghai, China;description-section text with-benefits: With the Google Access team, you’ll work on cross-product and cross-team initiatives, working closely with cross-functional team members to refine and evolve our projects, as well as deploy new technologies to markets and communities around the globe. You like being on-the-ground, executing complex projects that bring internet access to people. Google Fiber is an exciting new business for Google aiming to deploy next generation, gigabit Internet speed to the home. As a Customer Service Tools Developer, you will design and build the necessary tools and solutions to enable our team to effectively support our customers. You will be an expert in our products and services, and you will provide both specific and broad solutions for our customers. You will work directly with cross-functional teams such as Engineering and Product to gather requirements to improve and innovate our service delivery. At Access, our mission is to create abundant internet on networks that are always fast and always open. Google Fiber provides superfast Internet to homes in 9 metro areas across the U.S. We want to bring Google Fiber to customers even faster, so we’re focused on making deployment more efficient and less intrusive.
247	Google	People Partner, Google Marketing Solutions	Dublin, Ireland	description-section:  Responsibilities   Consult with team Leaders to create a comprehensive people plan in order to influence lasting change over large functions at Google; act as a trusted advisor and coach to leadership, and play a critical role in enhancing their effectiveness. Manage people-related initiatives with your communication, coaching and influencing skills, and offer thought-leadership regarding organizational/people-related strategy and execution; provide insightful data to guide decision making and provide proactive solutions. Ensure that the organization is structured in a way that helps achieve business objectives; manage talent effectively to ensure we have the right people in the right roles while enabling leaders to cultivate an effective leadership pipeline. Set the strategy for People Operations programs; educate clients on various HR initiatives including learning and development, recognition programs, reorganizations and various management issues. Partner closely with functional People Partners and People Operations colleagues to deliver services to client groups; address and manage a broad spectrum of employee relations matters, and work to resolve them through a systematic approach, adhering to company policies, local employment laws and best practices.   Qualifications  Minimum qualifications: Bachelor's degree or equivalent practical experience. Experience working as a Human Resources Business Partner (HRBP) or generalist and/or experience in relevant Human Resources disciplines. Experience in an Operational or and Project Management role (e.g., managing site wide/organizational projects and initiatives). Preferred qualifications: Master of Business Administration or Master's degree. Experience in Management Consultation, working with external clients. A combination of HR experience in the following areas: organizational design, succession planning, performance management, diversity and inclusion, business consulting, coaching and development, talent management, data analysis and employee relations. Demonstrated analytical and problem solving skills, with the ability to analyze data, understand trends and develop recommendations for action based on the analysis. Effective consultation and coaching skills, with the ability to build relationships with leaders, and a complex set of stakeholders, in order to drive organizational change. ;description-section text: For immediate consideration, please send a text (ASCII), HTML, PDF or DOC version of your resume in English to jobs@google.com. Important: The subject field of your email must include Engineering Practicum Intern 2018 - Beijing or Shanghai. Our team will review applications on a rolling basis and it's in the candidate's best interests to apply early. All hiring will be completed by the end of May 2018. This internship will run from between July 2018 to October 2018, for a consecutive 14 weeks. Thank you for your patience while we consider your application.Note: By applying to this position your application is automatically submitted to the following locations: Beijing, China; Shanghai, China;description-section text with-benefits: People Operations strives to revolutionize human resources the same way that Google has revolutionized search. We are helping to find, grow and keep the remarkable assemblage of talent who are our Googlers. You'll be a champion of Google's culture and values, partnering with our business leaders to help them build their organizations and make sure all people decisions are based on data. Whether coaching your clients on how to lead their teams, navigating and resolving employee relations issues or managing programs that help develop our Googlers, you are exceptionally focused on putting them first, and being as clear and transparent as possible to help Googlers understand how people decisions get made. As a People Partner (formerly known as Human Resources Business Partner), you will be responsible for overcoming organizational challenges through people-related solutions. You will create the end-to-end people strategy that will support Googlers in realizing their ambitions. You will partner with a cross-functional group of subject matter experts to design and execute strategies for how we staff, onboard, develop, motivate, retain and organize work.  As part of our culture, you will also have the opportunity to be hands on and work side-by-side with Googlers to complete operations on a variety of people-related areas. As a core part of this hands on work, you will be rolling out programs to support Googlers, including compensation, performance and talent programs. Great just isn't good enough for our People Operations team (you probably know us better as "Human Resources"). Made up of equal parts HR professionals, former consultants and analysts, we're the champions of Google's colorful culture. In People Ops, we "find them, grow them, and keep them" - we bring the world's most innovative people to Google and provide the programs that help them thrive. Whether recruiting the next great Googler, refining our core programs, developing talent or simply looking for ways to inject some more fun into the lives of our Googlers, we bring a data-driven approach that is reinventing the human resources field.
248	Google	Staffing Content Specialist, Diversity and Inclusion	Mountain View, CA, United States	description-section:  Responsibilities   Identify opportunities for staffers to build their understanding of diversity, equity, and inclusion. Partner with PeopleDev, LearningNav, and EDII to design a development journey, through the lens of diversity, equity, and inclusion, for the full staffer lifecycle. This includes both standalone trainings and integration of diversity, equity, inclusion mindsets, language and principles into all existing and new staffer trainings. Partner with EDII and the Hiring Innovation team to ensure the diversity, equity, and inclusion related content in staffing trainings is aligned with interviewer training to promote common language and mindsets. Ensure the resources designed to support staffer development (FAQ docs, candidate talking points, etc.) stay relevant and are well socialized.   Qualifications  Minimum qualifications: BA/BS degree or equivalent practical experience. 2 years of experience in learning and development. 1 year of experience in the diversity, equity or inclusion space or with related projects. Preferred qualifications: Experience building a training roadmap, specifically in the diversity and inclusion space. Ability to work in a fast-paced, constantly evolving environment. Ability to influence across multiple teams. Demonstrated high attention to detail and strong operational expertise. ;description-section text: Note: By applying to this position your application is automatically submitted to the following locations: San Francisco, CA, USA; Chicago, IL, USA; Mountain View, CA, USA; New York, NY, USA;description-section text with-benefits: Google's known for our innovative technologies, products and services -- and for the people behind them. Whether you are making our staffing systems more efficient, planning for our growth, building relationships on college campuses or cultivating the next generation of computer scientists, you have an eye on the staffing needs of Google and the broader hiring landscape. You are focused on cultivating outstanding candidates for Google's long-term hiring needs, and you are the glue that ties together a cross-functional and international group of staffing teams. You are both scrappy and resourceful, creative and driven -- and excited to share the magic of working at Google. As a Staffing Content Specialist focused on diversity, equity and inclusion, you will leverage your knowledge of learning and development best practices and exceptional execution skills to ensure our staffing organization is equipped to build a truly diverse and inclusive Google. In this specialist role, you will partner with members of the Staffing organization, PeopleDev (our Learning and Development organization), and EDII (Equity, Diversity, Inclusion, and Integrity team) to ensure that staffers have access to the relevant trainings and resources, and are developing their own expertise to become practitioners of inclusive sourcing and hiring practices. Great just isn't good enough for our People Operations team (you probably know us better as "Human Resources"). Made up of equal parts HR professionals, former consultants and analysts, we're the champions of Google's colorful culture. In People Ops, we "find them, grow them, and keep them" - we bring the world's most innovative people to Google and provide the programs that help them thrive. Whether recruiting the next great Googler, refining our core programs, developing talent or simply looking for ways to inject some more fun into the lives of our Googlers, we bring a data-driven approach that is reinventing the human resources field.
249	Google	Account Manager, Large Customer Sales	Dublin, Ireland	description-section:  Responsibilities   Correspond with agencies and clients regarding high-priority activities. Showcase clients' business value and encourage future growth of our partnerships. Inform and educate clients about the latest brand products, betas and insights to keep them up to date on opportunities across our solutions. Balance urgent work with important clients. Deliver service excellence and KPI fulfillment for complex, continuously flighted activity.   Qualifications  Minimum qualifications: BA/BS degree or equivalent practical experience. Experience working in the UK/I Market Experience in consultative sales and account management. Ability to speak and write in English fluently and idiomatically. Preferred qualifications: Experience in strategic and tactical digital advertising. Experience with managing performance/direct response advertisers. Experience in senior level client relationship development and multi-market digital planning and execution management. Detail-oriented with the ability to efficiently troubleshoot and manage complex implementations. Interest in developing customer partnerships. Effective presentation, influencing and communication skills. ;description-section text: Note: By applying to this position your application is automatically submitted to the following locations: San Francisco, CA, USA; Chicago, IL, USA; Mountain View, CA, USA; New York, NY, USA;description-section text with-benefits: Businesses that partner with Google come in all shapes, sizes and market caps, and no one Google advertising solution works for all. Your knowledge of online media combined with your communication skills and analytical abilities shapes how new and existing business grows. You leverage your entrepreneurial drive to target, educate and persuade new customers to embrace Google's latest advertising products and technologies. Using your influencing and relationship-building skills, you provide Google-caliber client service, research and market analysis. You anticipate how decisions are made, understand the details of individual campaigns and persistently explore and uncover the business needs of key clients. Working with them, you set the vision and the strategy for how their advertising can reach thousands of users. In this role, you'll partner with some of the UK’s largest advertisers covering a wide range of industries.Our Large Customer Sales teams partner closely with many of the world’s biggest advertisers and agencies to develop digital solutions that build strong businesses and brands. We enjoy a bird’s eye view on the massive transformation occurring as advertising shifts to mobile and online platforms. We're uniquely situated to help shape how companies grow their businesses in the digital age. We advise clients on Google's broad range of products across search, video and mobile to help them connect instantly and seamlessly with their audiences.
250	Google	OEM Retail Marketing Lead, Google Assistant	Mountain View, CA, United States	description-section:  Responsibilities   Set global strategy for OEM and carrier co-marketing programs to drive awareness, preference and usage of Google Assistant. Implement and optimize OEM and carrier co-marketing programs in collaboration with the Platforms and Ecosystems team. Develop global retail strategy to showcase the Google Assistant experience and device ecosystem. Partner with Sales and Product Management teams to design and launch new retail and OEM incentive programs and promotions. Manage a team of Product Marketers.   Qualifications  Minimum qualifications: BA/BS degree or equivalent practical experience. 6 years of product marketing experience in the technology space.  Preferred qualifications: MBA degree. Experience in partner marketing and retail strategy. Experience delivering large-scale projects and managing multiple complex projects simultaneously. Demonstrated ability to analyze and distill data into actionable insights and impactful Go-to-Market plans. Ability to influence at all levels and work effectively across functions and geographies. ;description-section text: Note: By applying to this position your application is automatically submitted to the following locations: San Francisco, CA, USA; Chicago, IL, USA; Mountain View, CA, USA; New York, NY, USA;description-section text with-benefits: Whether you're on a consumer product (like Gmail, Search, Maps, Chrome, Android) or a business product (AdWords, AdSense, DoubleClick, Analytics), you take part in a complete marketing experience as you lead every facet of the product's journey. From determining positioning, naming, competitive analysis, feature prioritization and external communications, you help shape the voice of the product and help it grow a loyal consumer base. This means you work with a cross-functional team across sales, corporate communications, legal, webmasters, product development, engineering and more. In this role, you'll be involved with product marketing strategy from beginning to end. Google Assistant aims to make it radically simpler for people to find information and get things done throughout their day on a wide variety of devices made by many different manufacturers, in addition to Google’s own devices. As a Co-Marketing and Retail Lead, you'll help make third-party device manufacturers successful through Google Assistant, and drive engaged users of Google Assistant.  Specifically, as a Co-Marketing and Retail Lead, you'll set global strategy for partner marketing opportunities with device Original Equipment Manufacturers and mobile carriers, and drive retail experiences that bring the Google Assistant ecosystem to life, including Google’s devices, third-party devices, and smart home devices with Google Assistant integration. Know the user. Know the magic. Connect the two. At its core, marketing at Google starts with technology and ends with the user, bringing both together in unconventional ways. Our job is to demonstrate how Google's products solve the world's problems--from the everyday to the epic, from the mundane to the monumental. And we approach marketing in a way that only Google can--changing the game, redefining the medium, making the user the priority, and ultimately, letting the technology speak for itself.
251	Nest	Android Applications Engineer	Boulder, CO, United States	description-section:  Responsibilities   Set global strategy for OEM and carrier co-marketing programs to drive awareness, preference and usage of Google Assistant. Implement and optimize OEM and carrier co-marketing programs in collaboration with the Platforms and Ecosystems team. Develop global retail strategy to showcase the Google Assistant experience and device ecosystem. Partner with Sales and Product Management teams to design and launch new retail and OEM incentive programs and promotions. Manage a team of Product Marketers.   Qualifications  Minimum qualifications: BA/BS degree or equivalent practical experience. 6 years of product marketing experience in the technology space.  Preferred qualifications: MBA degree. Experience in partner marketing and retail strategy. Experience delivering large-scale projects and managing multiple complex projects simultaneously. Demonstrated ability to analyze and distill data into actionable insights and impactful Go-to-Market plans. Ability to influence at all levels and work effectively across functions and geographies. ;description-section text: Note: By applying to this position your application is automatically submitted to the following locations: San Francisco, CA, USA; Chicago, IL, USA; Mountain View, CA, USA; New York, NY, USA;description-section text with-benefits:  Millions of Nest customers touch our apps daily to make their homes and their families safer, more comfortable, and more energy efficient. Every member of our team has an opportunity to make a big impact knowing that the apps they develop will receive lots of visibility, both internally and externally. The work:Work with a small team of top-tier developers who are designing great user experiences and building truly great applications for Android devicesParticipate in scrums consisting of cross functional teams, both software and hardwareEnsure that features are being delivered efficiently and on-timeIn addition to code contribution, you will also participate in architectural review and designCollaborate with our world-class design team to help deliver the fantastic user experiences that our users expect from NestMinimum qualifications: 2+ years work experience as a software engineer, or relevant experience Preferred qualifications: Deep understanding of Android application development in Java  Proven track record of shipping software and successfully  released apps on Google Play (please include names and links on your resume)  Experience with best in class software engineering practices (e.g. unit testing, code reviews, design documentation)  Strong attention to detail on every line of code, every unit test, and every commit message  We love when engineers send us a link to their GitHub and/or Stack Overflow accounts, technical blog, or links to apps they've shipped 
252	Google	Creative Writer, Doodle Team, Google Assistant (Japanese)	Mountain View, CA, United States	description-section:  Responsibilities   Write and edit dialogue in relation to user interaction and character development.   Qualifications  Minimum qualifications: Bachelor's degree in Creative Writing or equivalent practical experience. 5 years of experience as a writer for consumers. Experience writing dialogue for plays/screenplays, fiction/interactive fiction, and/or comedy/entertainment. Ability to speak and write fluently and idiomatically in Japanese.  Preferred qualifications: Experience and interest in product and game design and artificial intelligence. Passion for pop-culture and current news. ;description-section text: Note: By applying to this position your application is automatically submitted to the following locations: San Francisco, CA, USA; Chicago, IL, USA; Mountain View, CA, USA; New York, NY, USA;description-section text with-benefits: The Google Doodle team is all fun and games. We are on a mission to find the right person to join our talented team of characters who are creating some fun for the Google Assistant. You have previously written for a character for film, TV, video game, or comic book and can deliver a joke that can make anyone smile or you're the person at the party who wins the trivia contest because you can finish the fun film quote or recite obscure music lyrics.  The Google Assistant Personality team is dedicated to bringing a bit of fun and a human touch to people interacting with the Google Assistant through chat, phones, TVs, watches, Google Home and other devices we haven’t even thought of yet. As a Creative Writer, you will work closely with international Creative Leads in adapting the Google Assistant persona for your region. You will be writing dialogue and curating a wide range of content including jokes, quotes, fun facts and games making sure it all feels natural for the market.  Success will be measured both in terms of quantity (delivering a high volume of content) and quality (delivering culturally appropriate compelling content). There is always more information out there, and the Research and Machine Intelligence team has a never-ending quest to find it and make it accessible. We're constantly refining our signature search engine to provide better results, and developing offerings like Google Instant, Google Voice Search and Google Image Search to make it faster and more engaging. We're providing users around the world with great search results every day, but at Google, great just isn't good enough. We're just getting started.
253	Nest	Android Applications Engineer	Palo Alto, CA, United States	description-section:  Responsibilities   Write and edit dialogue in relation to user interaction and character development.   Qualifications  Minimum qualifications: Bachelor's degree in Creative Writing or equivalent practical experience. 5 years of experience as a writer for consumers. Experience writing dialogue for plays/screenplays, fiction/interactive fiction, and/or comedy/entertainment. Ability to speak and write fluently and idiomatically in Japanese.  Preferred qualifications: Experience and interest in product and game design and artificial intelligence. Passion for pop-culture and current news. ;description-section text: Note: By applying to this position your application is automatically submitted to the following locations: San Francisco, CA, USA; Chicago, IL, USA; Mountain View, CA, USA; New York, NY, USA;description-section text with-benefits: With hundreds of thousands of Nest customers touching our apps daily to make their homes and their families safer, more comfortable, and more energy efficient, every member of our team has an opportunity to make a BIG impact and know that the apps they develop will receive lots of visibility, both internally and externally. The work:  Work with a small team of top-tier developers who are designing great user experiences and building truly great applications for Android devices  Participate in scrums consisting of cross functional teams, both software and hardware  Ensure that features are being delivered efficiently and on-time  In addition to code contribution, you will also participate in architectural review and design  Collaborate with our world-class design team to help deliver the fantastic user experiences that our users expect from Nest  Minimum qualifications:  5+ years work experience as a software engineer or relevant experience  3+ yrs of experience in developing native Android Applications  Preferred qualifications:  Deep understanding of Java/Android application development  Proven track record of shipping software and successfully  released apps on Google Play (please include names and links on your resume)  Strong attention to detail on every line of code, every unit test, and every commit message  Comfortable with rapid development cycles and tight schedules  We love when engineers send us a link to their Github and/or StackOverflow accounts, technical blog, or links to apps they've shipped 
254	Google	Google People Services, Global Mobility Specialist	Singapore	description-section:  Responsibilities   Deliver seamless, high touch mobility support to external hires and relocating Googlers to ensure a smooth Onboarding at Google. This includes case work, exception and escalation management. Show ownership and problem solve for issues impacting our end users and cross-functional teams. Partner with Google’s Mobility vendor network and key stakeholders to ensure operational efficiency and timely delivery of services. Use analytical and quantitative methods to understand, predict and advance processes and their integration with various GPS Ops functions in an automated and compliant manner. Define, collect and analyse user feedback and process metrics. Use insights gathered to scale existing processes for growing and/or changing user needs. Create and maintain process documentation for all your processes, training colleagues where required.   Qualifications  Minimum qualifications: BA/BS degree or equivalent practical experience 3 years of relevant work experience Experience in customer/user service delivery in large scale environments Preferred qualifications: Experience driving user-focused improvements, navigating/influencing cross-functional teams to drive change and analysing data/trends. Prior experience in Mobility and demonstrated program and vendor management skills. Ability to establish and maintain effective relationships and partnerships with key stakeholders Ability to self-start and self-direct work in an ambiguous environment. High level of creativity, perseverance and openness to change. Strong interpersonal, teamwork and organizational skills ; demonstrated attention to detail with time-management and multitasking skills. Superior verbal and written communication skills, with an emphasis on tact and diplomacy ;description-section text: Note: By applying to this position your application is automatically submitted to the following locations: San Francisco, CA, USA; Chicago, IL, USA; Mountain View, CA, USA; New York, NY, USA;description-section text with-benefits: The Google People Services, Operations function is the services and program management group within People Operations that makes HR stuff easy and intuitive for Googlers. Our global team optimizes people processes, from problem definition to execution. We partner with teams across People Operations and in engineering to bring innovation and technology to the way we attract, retain and grow Googlers worldwide. We focus on providing an amazing experience to past, present and future Googlers, and work in Google’s fast-paced environment to deliver 100+ operational services, manage the contingent workforce and implement HR programs across 70+ countries. Regardless of location or level of experience, members of the Operations team have the opportunity to create, develop and implement some of the most complex global operations around the world. The Google People Services, Operations (GPS Ops) function is a services and program management group, that makes HR easy and intuitive for Googlers. Our focus is on creating magical HR experiences for past, present and future Googlers working in Google’s fast-paced environment and overseeing the end-to-end global delivery of 100+ operational HR services, contingent workforce and HR programs (from problem definition, solution design through to execution). We partner with teams across Google HR (People Operations), engineering and external partners to bring innovation and technology to the way we attract, retain and grow Googlers worldwide.  The Global Mobility team plays a role of a key partner for the talent supply chain and hiring at Google. In this role, you will work closely with our Program Managers and Vendor partners, to ensure regional (and global) delivery of our Mobility program. You will be part of a fast-paced, user-focused and global mobility team that leverages company philosophy, technology and your industry expertise to ensure a superb experience for Candidates and Googlers and our partners.Great just isn't good enough for our People Operations team (you probably know us better as "Human Resources"). Made up of equal parts HR professionals, former consultants and analysts, we're the champions of Google's colorful culture. In People Ops, we "find them, grow them, and keep them" - we bring the world's most innovative people to Google and provide the programs that help them thrive. Whether recruiting the next great Googler, refining our core programs, developing talent or simply looking for ways to inject some more fun into the lives of our Googlers, we bring a data-driven approach that is reinventing the human resources field.
255	Google	Technical Solutions Consultant (Russian), Google Technical Services	London, United Kingdom	description-section:  Responsibilities   Work closely with our Sales team. Identify, develop, and optimize new business opportunities and develop client relationships by leveraging Google products and technologies. Help partners in their day-to-day challenges by delivering innovative and scalable solutions and troubleshooting their technical issues. Develop cutting-edge solutions as the technical lead, provide consulting services to our partners, build lasting relationships and be sensitive to client needs. Propose, design, create and present prototypes, demos and proofs-of-concept to a wide variety of audiences, from engineers to marketing professionals. Perform implementation reviews. Advocate for new product features, and provide partner feedback to internal cross-functional teams including Product Management and Engineering. Travel as required to meet with specific partners/clients across the world.   Qualifications  Minimum qualifications: BA/BS degree in Computer Science or a related technical subject, or equivalent practical experience. Experience with web technologies such as HTML, CSS, JavaScript, and HTTP. Experience in one or more programming languages, including Java, C++, Python. Experience working with and managing external partners/customers and ability to speak and write in English and Russian fluently and idiomatically. Preferred qualifications: Familiarity with SQL/MySQL and Unix/Linux operating systems/commands. Demonstrated ability to adapt your message to the technical level of the audience and comfort presenting technical materials to groups of any size and background. Excellent project management skills and attention to detail. Excellent problem solving, analytical and troubleshooting skills. Ability to speak and write in one or more of the following languages fluently and idiomatically: French, Russian, Polish, Turkish. ;description-section text: Note: By applying to this position your application is automatically submitted to the following locations: San Francisco, CA, USA; Chicago, IL, USA; Mountain View, CA, USA; New York, NY, USA;description-section text with-benefits: Google Technical Services: Professional Services (gPS) is a team of solution-oriented trusted advisors supporting millions of users worldwide. Our consultative services take our deep technical and product expertise and combine it with our powerful understanding of our customer’s needs and goals to solve their biggest business challenges allowing them to grow and get the most out of Google solutions. Google Technical Services is a global support and operations team, with a mission to delight our customers with care so good, it’s got to be Google. Our team is the face of Google to most of our customers, and we want their Google support experience to set new standards, just like Google’s products do. Our team cares for customers by solving problems and scaling solutions, incubating new Google products, and sharing user feedback with internal teams to influence product development. We support a wide variety of products, from Ads to Project Fi and just about everything in between, and our customers include advertisers, consumers, partners, publishers, retailers, and our own Sales Googlers.
256	Google	Staffing Services Associate	London, United Kingdom	description-section:  Responsibilities   Support client groups with recruiting processes including scheduling interviews, organizing candidate travel arrangements, hosting candidates on campus, reserving conference rooms and liaising with candidates and leaders at Google and their administrative partners. Create and distribute employment-related correspondence. Communicate professionally, arrange special requests and provide a high-touch experience appropriate to the candidate’s needs. Improve processes using a data-driven approach including optimization of interviewer loads, identification of trends and challenges in scheduling process, and execution of initiatives to increase efficiency and improve experience.   Qualifications  Minimum qualifications: BA/BS degree or equivalent practical experience. Experience in a staffing, human resources and/or consultation role. Experience in project management, working with business analytics, scripting tools and databases.  Preferred qualifications: Experience in administration; managing bookings, diaries, data, etc. Experience in identifying and improving issues in processes, and suggesting user-focused improvements. Ability to prioritize multiple functions and tasks, and manage time efficiently, with the ability to interact comfortably with candidates and clients. Self-directed, detail-oriented problem solver with a desire to contribute to the organization's reputation and success. Demonstrated drive, with the ability to take initiative and build productive relationships. Excellent attention to detail, with the ability to contribute in a fast-paced, dynamic work environment. Excellent interpersonal and communication skills, with a high level of creativity, perseverance, and openness to change. ;description-section text: Note: By applying to this position your application is automatically submitted to the following locations: San Francisco, CA, USA; Chicago, IL, USA; Mountain View, CA, USA; New York, NY, USA;description-section text with-benefits: Google is known for our innovative technologies, products and services — and for the people behind them. The Google People Services (GPS) team focuses on providing an amazing experience to past, present and future Googlers. As a Programs Coordinator, you will enthusiastically represent the Google brand and build our talent pipeline. Whether it’s making our staffing systems more efficient, planning for our growth, building relationships on college campuses or cultivating the next generation of computer scientists, you will have an eye on the staffing needs of Google and the broader hiring landscape. You'll be focused on cultivating outstanding candidates for Google's long-term hiring needs, and you are the glue that ties together a cross-functional and international group of staffing teams. As a Staffing Services Associate, you'll ensure a seamless, candidate-friendly hiring process, and help keep processes organized and efficient while actively maintaining clear lines of communication with Recruiters, Hiring Managers and candidates - from entry-level to leadership hires. By providing great customer service, and smoothly managing all the details, you'll contribute to the overall success of the Staffing team.Great just isn't good enough for our People Operations team (you probably know us better as "Human Resources"). Made up of equal parts HR professionals, former consultants and analysts, we're the champions of Google's colorful culture. In People Ops, we "find them, grow them, and keep them" - we bring the world's most innovative people to Google and provide the programs that help them thrive. Whether recruiting the next great Googler, refining our core programs, developing talent or simply looking for ways to inject some more fun into the lives of our Googlers, we bring a data-driven approach that is reinventing the human resources field.
257	Google	Industry Manager, Business Development, Agency Partnership Team (English, Japanese)	Tokyo, Japan	description-section:  Responsibilities   Grow Google’s business and confidence among Agency partners. Define the Agencies’ business strategy, identifying transformational opportunities that allow Google to capture new budgets at scale. Create transformational goals for each Agency, follow up on Agency feedback and adjust the plan accordingly. Translate business plans into quarterly plans, define accurate business growth goals per Agency in collaboration with Account Managers. Analyze data, trends and Agency business performance, develop solid strategic plans, prepare and conduct strategic pitches and consultative sales presentations. Establish and nurture C-level relationships with Agencies, contribute strategically to the growth and direction of Google’s products and services.   Qualifications  Minimum qualifications:  BA/BS degree or equivalent practical experience. 5 years of experience in advertising sales, marketing, consulting or media. Business level communication in Japanese and English. Preferred qualifications: Experience building relationships with Agency executives. Cross-functional understanding of media businesses and operations. Effective business acumen and problem solving skills. ;description-section text: Note: By applying to this position your application is automatically submitted to the following locations: San Francisco, CA, USA; Chicago, IL, USA; Mountain View, CA, USA; New York, NY, USA;description-section text with-benefits: Businesses that partner with Google come in all shapes, sizes and market caps, and no one Google advertising solution works for all. Your knowledge of online media combined with your communication skills and analytical abilities shapes how new and existing business grow. Using your influencing and relationship-building skills, you provide Google-caliber client service, research and market analysis. You anticipate how decisions are made, persistently explore and uncover the business needs of Google's key clients and understand how our range of product offerings can grow their business. Working with them, you set the vision and the strategy for how their advertising can reach thousands of users. As an Industry Manager, you will develop plans to identify Agency needs and required sales tools, practices, using your industry knowledge. Also, you will give effective presentations to persuade Agencies in using Google platforms, products, and solutions to boost their business. Our Large Customer Sales teams partner closely with many of the world’s biggest advertisers and agencies to develop digital solutions that build strong businesses and brands. We enjoy a bird’s eye view on the massive transformation occurring as advertising shifts to mobile and online platforms. We're uniquely situated to help shape how companies grow their businesses in the digital age. We advise clients on Google's broad range of products across search, video and mobile to help them connect instantly and seamlessly with their audiences.
258	Google	Account Manager, Beauty, Large Customer Sales (UKI)	Dublin, Ireland	description-section:  Responsibilities   Correspond with agencies and clients on high priority activity using your stakeholder management capability. Enhance clients' business value and encourage future growth of our partnerships. Improve and educate clients constantly on the latest brand products, betas and insights to keep them up to date on opportunities across our solutions. Use your prioritization and time management skills to balance urgent work with important clients in an often fast paced environment. Use your eye for detail to deliver service excellence and KPI fulfillment for complex, continuously flighted activity.   Qualifications  Minimum qualifications: BA/BS degree or equivalent practical experience. Experience in consultative sales and account management. Ability to speak and write in English fluently and idiomatically. Preferred qualifications: Experience in senior level client relationship development and multi-market digital planning and execution management. Experience working in the UK/I market. Detail oriented with the ability to efficiently troubleshoot and manage complex implementations. ;description-section text: Note: By applying to this position your application is automatically submitted to the following locations: San Francisco, CA, USA; Chicago, IL, USA; Mountain View, CA, USA; New York, NY, USA;description-section text with-benefits: Businesses that partner with Google come in all shapes, sizes and market caps, and no one Google advertising solution works for all. Your knowledge of online media combined with your communication skills and analytical abilities shapes how new and existing business grows. You leverage your entrepreneurial drive to target, educate and persuade new customers to embrace Google's latest advertising products and technologies. Using your influencing and relationship-building skills, you provide Google-caliber client service, research and market analysis. You anticipate how decisions are made, understand the details of individual campaigns and persistently explore and uncover the business needs of key clients. Working with them, you set the vision and the strategy for how their advertising can reach thousands of users. As an Account Manager on the Beauty portfolio, your scope will be wide and the role varied. You will be in the unique position of working to develop brand led client solutions for these mature clients, helping them navigate established brands through new challenges. You will frequently focus on achieving this through Display and YouTube solutions and will get to partner closely with both our Media Buying Solutions and Global Client and Agency Solutions partners.  As an Account Manager, you'll manage relationships with clients, which means you will be a proactive self-starter and have the ability to multi-task in a fast-paced environment and focused to help expand the client relationship. You will be expected to consult and partner with our key clients to help them grow their businesses through the use of all of Google’s solutions across Search, Display and YouTube, to help our customers connect instantly and seamlessly with their audiences and get the most out of the web.Our Large Customer Sales teams partner closely with many of the world’s biggest advertisers and agencies to develop digital solutions that build strong businesses and brands. We enjoy a bird’s eye view on the massive transformation occurring as advertising shifts to mobile and online platforms. We're uniquely situated to help shape how companies grow their businesses in the digital age. We advise clients on Google's broad range of products across search, video and mobile to help them connect instantly and seamlessly with their audiences.
259	Google	Solution Engineer Manager, Google Cloud	Gurugram, India	description-section:  Responsibilities   Hire, coach and drive a high performance team to deliver against assigned goals while prioritizing an outstanding customer experience to customers and prospects. Work with the team to create activities (e.g. identifying and handling key customer technical questions and objections) in order to develop strategies, resolve technical impediments and scope out migration workloads. Be responsible for technical aspects of solutions to include such activities as managing product and solution briefings, proof-of-concept work, and the coordination of supporting technical resources. Prepare and deliver product messaging in an effort to highlight Google Cloud Platform value proposition using techniques to include whiteboard and slide presentations, product demonstrations, white papers, trial management and documents. Make recommendations on integration strategies, enterprise architectures, platforms and the application infrastructure required to successfully implement a complete solution providing best practice advice to customers to optimize Google Cloud Platform effectiveness.   Qualifications  Minimum qualifications: BA/BS degree in Computer Science or related technical field or equivalent practical experience. 10 years of experience serving in the capacity of a technical sales engineer in a cloud computing environment or equivalent experience in a customer facing role (including working as a member of a professional services or systems engineering team). Experience with managing and developing teams. Preferred qualifications: Master's degree in Computer Science or MBA degree. Demonstrated knowledge of solution architecture within web and mobile environment. Knowledge of web/internet related technologies, architecture across SAAS, PAAS and IAAS and cloud productivity suites. Knowledge of Google Cloud products (G Suite, Google Cloud Platform). Proven ability to inspire and grow teams to their full potential in a sales environment across cross-functional teams to achieve common business objectives. Ability to operate with enthusiasm and flexibility in a fast-paced, constantly evolving team environment. Ability to effectively present to both technical and non-technical audiences. Ability to quickly learn, understand, and work with new emerging technologies, methodologies, and solutions in the cloud/IT technology space. Excellent analytical, project management and organizational skills. ;description-section text: Note: By applying to this position your application is automatically submitted to the following locations: Mumbai, Maharashtra, India; Bengaluru, Karnataka, India; Gurugram, Haryana, India;description-section text with-benefits: As a Solution Engineer Manager, you will lead a team of customer engineers who engage with sales prospects and channel partners to understand and assess customer requirements, prepare and present demonstrations of Google’s Cloud technologies, and address and overcome technical objections that arise throughout the sales process. You will also lead efforts to drive solution innovation, working across the organization to identify the assets and tools to drive customer adoption. Google Cloud helps millions of employees and organizations empower their employees, serve their customers, and build what’s next for their business — all with technology built in the cloud. Our products are engineered for security, reliability and scalability, running the full stack from infrastructure to applications to devices and hardware. And our teams are dedicated to helping our customers — developers, small and large businesses, educational institutions and government agencies — see the benefits of our technology come to life.
260	Google	Director, Go-To-Market Systems	Sunnyvale, CA, United States	description-section:  Responsibilities   Work with the Cloud leadership team to deliver a business systems strategy, and oversee successful delivery of annual systems plans; partner with Cloud product teams to ensure the support, fulfillment, and contracting processes are seamless for Cloud customers. Drive seamless day-to-day operations enabling the changes and growth of Go-To-Market teams. Monitor and report on health and opportunities; develop strategic insights and recommendations via assessing market trends and internal performance analysis. Identify, share and scale best systems solutions from across industry and Google.   Qualifications  Minimum qualifications: 20 years of relevant work experience. 5 years of leading multiple Salesforce implementations for multinational corporations. Preferred qualifications: Relevant engineering-based work experience, and/or relevant management consulting experience. People management experience. Experience with cloud business, and sales and marketing organizations. Demonstrated ability to manage multiple projects and work-streams in a fast-paced environment. Ability to engage at all levels of the organization, both internally and externally with excellent verbal communication, analytical and problem solving skills. Effective partnering and collaboration skills, with the ability to drive action in a cross-functional and relationship-based organization. ;description-section text: Note: By applying to this position your application is automatically submitted to the following locations: Mumbai, Maharashtra, India; Bengaluru, Karnataka, India; Gurugram, Haryana, India;description-section text with-benefits: Google's projects, like our users, span the globe and require managers to keep the big picture in focus while being able to dive into the unique engineering challenges we face daily. As a Technical Program Manager at Google, you lead complex, multi-disciplinary engineering projects using your engineering expertise. You plan requirements with internal customers and usher projects through the entire project lifecycle. This includes managing project schedules, identifying risks and clearly communicating them to project stakeholders. You're equally at home explaining your team's analyses and recommendations to executives as you are discussing the technical trade-offs in product development with engineers.Google is and always will be an engineering company. We hire people with a broad set of technical skills who are ready to take on some of technology's greatest challenges and make an impact on millions, if not billions, of users. At Google, engineers not only revolutionize search, they routinely work on massive scalability and storage solutions, large-scale applications and entirely new platforms for developers around the world. From AdWords to Chrome, Android to YouTube, Social to Local, Google engineers are changing the world one technological achievement after another.
261	Google	Digital Marketing Strategist, Customer Success Acceleration (Dutch)	Dublin, Ireland	description-section:  Responsibilities   Develop a deep understanding of our strategic products (Mobile, Brand, Conversion Tracking, Shopping) and the scenarios in which they are a good fit for our clients. Know our internal tools and how they can be used in the team, account or campaign level to identify opportunities for our clients. Implement solutions, track performance and optimize against advertiser goals. Report on key performance indicators and value delivered for the team. Create proposals to represent solution design around client goals.   Qualifications  Minimum qualifications: BA/BS degree or equivalent practical experience. Ability to speak and write in English and Dutch fluently and idiomatically. Preferred qualifications: Client service/account management experience. Experience in data analysis and reporting. Ability to operate independently, and also collaborate as part of a tight-knit team. Ability to work in fast-paced environments with effective time-management skills. Excellent analytical and problem-solving skills. ;description-section text: Note: By applying to this position your application is automatically submitted to the following locations: Mumbai, Maharashtra, India; Bengaluru, Karnataka, India; Gurugram, Haryana, India;description-section text with-benefits: Businesses that partner with Google come in all shapes, sizes and market caps, and no one Google advertising solution works for all. Your knowledge of online media combined with your communication skills and analytical abilities shapes how new and existing business grow. Using your influencing and relationship-building skills, you provide Google-caliber client service, research and market analysis. You anticipate how decisions are made, persistently explore and uncover the business needs of Google's key clients and understand how our range of product offerings can grow their business. Working with them, you set the vision and the strategy for how their advertising can reach thousands of users.The Google Marketing Solutions (GMS) sales support team is responsible for helping deliver customer success. The team collaborates with Account Managers in the in-market GMS Sales teams, to co-design and manage implementation of Google solutions that deliver high-quality results. This team supports advertisers around the world, with teams in Dublin and Hyderabad.As a Digital Marketing Strategist, you will handle advertisers within the Dutch small and medium-sized business market, and you will work in a pod with in-market Account Managers. Within this pod you will help clients meet their business goals via comprehensive solution design, effective campaign implementation, and corresponding performance optimization. You will develop deep expertise to design solutions ranging across all of search, display, mobile and video implementation, and will be measured on key metrics aligned to the Sales team’s targets.When our millions of advertisers and publishers are happy, so are we! Our Google Marketing Solutions (GMS) team of entrepreneurial, enthusiastic and client-focused members are the "human face" of Google, helping entrepreneurs both individually and broadly build their online presence and grow their businesses. We are dedicated to growing the unique needs of advertising companies. Our teams of strategists, analysts, advisers and support specialists collaborate closely to spot and analyze customer needs and trends. Together, we create and implement business plans broadly for all types of businesses.
262	Nest	Algorithm Engineer	Palo Alto, CA, United States	description-section:  Responsibilities   Develop a deep understanding of our strategic products (Mobile, Brand, Conversion Tracking, Shopping) and the scenarios in which they are a good fit for our clients. Know our internal tools and how they can be used in the team, account or campaign level to identify opportunities for our clients. Implement solutions, track performance and optimize against advertiser goals. Report on key performance indicators and value delivered for the team. Create proposals to represent solution design around client goals.   Qualifications  Minimum qualifications: BA/BS degree or equivalent practical experience. Ability to speak and write in English and Dutch fluently and idiomatically. Preferred qualifications: Client service/account management experience. Experience in data analysis and reporting. Ability to operate independently, and also collaborate as part of a tight-knit team. Ability to work in fast-paced environments with effective time-management skills. Excellent analytical and problem-solving skills. ;description-section text: Note: By applying to this position your application is automatically submitted to the following locations: Mumbai, Maharashtra, India; Bengaluru, Karnataka, India; Gurugram, Haryana, India;description-section text with-benefits:  Nest is looking for talented software engineers to join the Algorithms team to develop new state of the art machine learning systems. At Nest, you’ll join a world class engineering team focused on defining the smart home of the future.You'll be responsible to architect, design and implement the intelligence which solves real world problems in everyday users’ lives.  The work:  Develop and test systems to analyze, train, deploy, and monitor new algorithms across a diverse set of input domains  Collaborate on early product designs to ensure intelligence is a central component of future Nest products  Collaborate within Google and 3rd party organizations on smart home research  Minimum qualifications:  MS in Electrical Engineering, Computer Science, Computer Engineering, Mathematics, or equivalent practical experience  3 years experience in at least one of: Python, C/C++, or Java  3 years experience in statistics, data analysis, or machine learning  Preferred qualifications:  Ph.D. or 5+ years of work in Computer Science, Electrical Engineering or a related field  First-hand experience with a variety of machine learning and control techniques  Knowledge of embedded or cloud-based algorithm development  Knowledge of digital signal processing or image processing  Strong data analysis skills  Organized, detail-oriented and pragmatic  Thrives on collaboration in a multi-disciplinary team 
263	Google	Solutions Engineer, Google Cloud	Singapore	description-section:  Responsibilities   Work with the team to identify and qualify business opportunities and identify key customer technical objections. Develop the strategy to resolve technical impediments. Be responsible for technical aspects of solutions to include such activities as supporting bid responses, product and solution briefings, proof-of-concept work, and the coordination of supporting technical resources. Work with Google Cloud Platform products to demonstrate and prototype integrations in customer/partner environments. Prepare and deliver product messaging in an effort to highlight Google Cloud Platform value proposition using techniques to include whiteboard and slide presentations, product demonstrations, white papers, trial management and RFI response documents. Make recommendations on integration strategies, enterprise architectures, platforms and application infrastructure required to successfully implement a complete solution providing “best practice” advice to customers to optimize Google Cloud Platform effectiveness.   Qualifications  Minimum qualifications: BA/BS degree in Computer Science or equivalent practical experience. Experience serving in the capacity of a technical sales engineer in a cloud computing environment or equivalent experience in a customer-facing role (including working as a member of a professional services or systems engineering team).  Preferred qualifications: Master's degree in Computer Science or related technical field. Experience with Big Data, PaaS, and IaaS technologies. Experience architecting and developing software or infrastructure for scalable, distributed systems. Experience in data and information management, especially as it relates to Big Data trends and issues within businesses. Experience using and/or managing databases. Understanding of Map Reduce, Hadoop, Spark, Flume, Hive, Impala, SparkSQL, BigQuery. Ability to quickly learn, understand, and work with new emerging technologies, methodologies, and solutions in the cloud/IT space. Effective presentation skills. ;description-section text: Note: By applying to this position your application is automatically submitted to the following locations: Mumbai, Maharashtra, India; Bengaluru, Karnataka, India; Gurugram, Haryana, India;description-section text with-benefits: The Google Cloud Platform team helps customers transform and evolve their business through the use of Google’s global network, web-scale data centers and software infrastructure. As part of an entrepreneurial team in this rapidly growing business, you will help shape the future of businesses of all sizes use technology to connect with customers, employees and partners. As a Google Cloud Solutions Engineer, you assist fellow Sales Googlers by problem-solving key technical issues for our customers. You liaise with the Product Marketing Management and Engineering teams to stay on top of industry trends and devise enhancements to Google Cloud products.  Your previous experience with cloud platform and infrastructure products, search products, content/document management repository systems and SQL-based relational databases will be on display as you engage with customers to understand their business and technical requirements. You''ll have excellent presentation skills and the ability to persuasively present Google's product offering.  In this role, you'll work closely with the Sales team to introduce Google Cloud Platform to our customers. You will help prospective customers and partners to understand the power of Google Cloud Platform, explaining technical features and problem-solving key technical issues.Google Cloud helps millions of employees and organizations empower their employees, serve their customers, and build what’s next for their business — all with technology built in the cloud. Our products are engineered for security, reliability and scalability, running the full stack from infrastructure to applications to devices and hardware. And our teams are dedicated to helping our customers — developers, small and large businesses, educational institutions and government agencies — see the benefits of our technology come to life.
264	Nest	Manager, Technical Publications	Palo Alto, CA, United States	description-section:  Responsibilities   Work with the team to identify and qualify business opportunities and identify key customer technical objections. Develop the strategy to resolve technical impediments. Be responsible for technical aspects of solutions to include such activities as supporting bid responses, product and solution briefings, proof-of-concept work, and the coordination of supporting technical resources. Work with Google Cloud Platform products to demonstrate and prototype integrations in customer/partner environments. Prepare and deliver product messaging in an effort to highlight Google Cloud Platform value proposition using techniques to include whiteboard and slide presentations, product demonstrations, white papers, trial management and RFI response documents. Make recommendations on integration strategies, enterprise architectures, platforms and application infrastructure required to successfully implement a complete solution providing “best practice” advice to customers to optimize Google Cloud Platform effectiveness.   Qualifications  Minimum qualifications: BA/BS degree in Computer Science or equivalent practical experience. Experience serving in the capacity of a technical sales engineer in a cloud computing environment or equivalent experience in a customer-facing role (including working as a member of a professional services or systems engineering team).  Preferred qualifications: Master's degree in Computer Science or related technical field. Experience with Big Data, PaaS, and IaaS technologies. Experience architecting and developing software or infrastructure for scalable, distributed systems. Experience in data and information management, especially as it relates to Big Data trends and issues within businesses. Experience using and/or managing databases. Understanding of Map Reduce, Hadoop, Spark, Flume, Hive, Impala, SparkSQL, BigQuery. Ability to quickly learn, understand, and work with new emerging technologies, methodologies, and solutions in the cloud/IT space. Effective presentation skills. ;description-section text: Note: By applying to this position your application is automatically submitted to the following locations: Mumbai, Maharashtra, India; Bengaluru, Karnataka, India; Gurugram, Haryana, India;description-section text with-benefits:  Nest Labs is seeking a technical publications manager to empower Nest's partners and 3rd-party developers to be self-sufficient using our documentation. Responsible for managing all tasks related to technical documentation for Nest Labs, including both creating and maintaining all developer-facing and partner-facing documents. Ensure that all documentation is accurate, consistent, and meets the company’s needs and standards. Use your passion, insights, and technical skills to help us create effective content.  The work:  Oversees all technical documentation created by Nest Labs  Primary publisher for all partner-facing, developer-facing, and internal technical documents  Writes, edits, distributes for review, and updates existing, and new documents  Establishes and implements standardized documentation formats, working with Marketing on branding  Creates and maintains processes for all documentation creation and distribution  Distributes publications on multiple web platforms  Collaborates with Engineering, Products, Solutions, Support, Sales Engineering, and Marketing  Maintains and expands the external-facing Community KB (Knowledge Base) and FAQs based on support tickets and internally-identified issues  Minimum qualifications:  5+ years experience with technical documentation for an admin or developer audience, ideally in networking, energy, or IoT  Course study in Technical Writing, Interactive Learning, Instructional Design, or related field with a minimum of a Bachelor’s degree  Preferred qualifications:  Ability to independently organize and prioritize multiple projects  Excellent verbal and written communications skills  Ability to resolve issues while maintaining a good working relationship with internal and external stakeholders  Creative and willing to gain an appropriate level of understanding of subject matter  Able to take initiative, maintain a positive attitude, be self-motivated, and work effectively on projects with minimal direct supervision  Able to be flexible with work hours to coordinate with teams around the globe 
265	Nest	Public Relations Manager	San Francisco, CA, United States	description-section:  Responsibilities   Work with the team to identify and qualify business opportunities and identify key customer technical objections. Develop the strategy to resolve technical impediments. Be responsible for technical aspects of solutions to include such activities as supporting bid responses, product and solution briefings, proof-of-concept work, and the coordination of supporting technical resources. Work with Google Cloud Platform products to demonstrate and prototype integrations in customer/partner environments. Prepare and deliver product messaging in an effort to highlight Google Cloud Platform value proposition using techniques to include whiteboard and slide presentations, product demonstrations, white papers, trial management and RFI response documents. Make recommendations on integration strategies, enterprise architectures, platforms and application infrastructure required to successfully implement a complete solution providing “best practice” advice to customers to optimize Google Cloud Platform effectiveness.   Qualifications  Minimum qualifications: BA/BS degree in Computer Science or equivalent practical experience. Experience serving in the capacity of a technical sales engineer in a cloud computing environment or equivalent experience in a customer-facing role (including working as a member of a professional services or systems engineering team).  Preferred qualifications: Master's degree in Computer Science or related technical field. Experience with Big Data, PaaS, and IaaS technologies. Experience architecting and developing software or infrastructure for scalable, distributed systems. Experience in data and information management, especially as it relates to Big Data trends and issues within businesses. Experience using and/or managing databases. Understanding of Map Reduce, Hadoop, Spark, Flume, Hive, Impala, SparkSQL, BigQuery. Ability to quickly learn, understand, and work with new emerging technologies, methodologies, and solutions in the cloud/IT space. Effective presentation skills. ;description-section text: Note: By applying to this position your application is automatically submitted to the following locations: Mumbai, Maharashtra, India; Bengaluru, Karnataka, India; Gurugram, Haryana, India;description-section text with-benefits:  Nest is seeking an experienced public relations professional to help build the profile of Nest’s award winning products. This is a great opportunity to work in a fast-paced environment on products that can make a positive difference in people’s lives. Experience in the technology industry, and a passion for great products is a must.  The work:  Play a major role in the research, planning and development of comprehensive public relations programs  Build and maintain strong relationships with members of the press, influencers, and key partners  Generate media outreach strategies, and execute plans thoughtfully and effectively  Create content for the Nest blog, write press releases, media pitches, and other types of content  Work cross-functionally with members of Nest’s product and engineering teams to create effective messaging to support new products and services  Minimum qualifications:  5 years of experience managing successful public relations programs  BA or BS degree  Existing relationships with key members of the press  Preferred qualifications:  Ability to effectively communicate information and ideas in written and verbal format  Adept at building and maintaining relationships  Team player, with the confidence to take the lead and execute with minimal guidance  Ability to partner with stakeholders in other departments  Strong project management and organizational skills  Experience working both in-house and at an agency a plus Social media experience a plus
266	Google	Product Marketing Manager (PMM), Growth Engine	København, Denmark	description-section:  Responsibilities   Develop strategy, concepts and tactics for our Success Online efforts across Denmark across channels. Managing relationships, building networks and ensuring that all initiatives are of consistent and high quality, and representative of the brand. Manage diverse initiatives to ensure reporting with relation to specific KPIs. Conduct ongoing outreach to local municipalities and partners to collaborate on our Growth Engine initiatives. Manage external and internal communication about the program. Work with internal stakeholders to produce Growth Engine initiatives, and work within agreed budgets to deliver end to end support for initiatives and events. Manage relationships with external agencies, production companies and vendors. Analyze programs for effectiveness; conduct post-event reporting and ROI analysis.   Qualifications  Minimum qualifications: BA/BS degree or equivalent practical experience. Technology/online industry experience. Ability to speak and write in English and Danish fluently and idiomatically. Preferred qualifications: Experience working with non-hierarchical, cross-functional matrix teams, across numerous geographies. Event management and online marketing experience. Experience delivering multiple projects at one time in a fast-moving environment. Knowledge of online products, online marketing and an understanding of Google’s strategic position within the market. Demonstrated analytical skills and ability to develop marketing strategy, business plans and market insights. Demonstrated event execution skills and written/verbal communication skills. ;description-section text: Note: By applying to this position your application is automatically submitted to the following locations: Mumbai, Maharashtra, India; Bengaluru, Karnataka, India; Gurugram, Haryana, India;description-section text with-benefits: Whether you're on a consumer product (like Gmail, Search, Maps, Chrome, Android) or a business product (AdWords, AdSense, DoubleClick, Analytics), you take part in a complete marketing experience as you lead every facet of the product's journey. From determining positioning, naming, competitive analysis, feature prioritization and external communications, you help shape the voice of the product and help it grow a loyal consumer base. This means you work with a cross-functional team across sales, corporate communications, legal, webmasters, product development, engineering and more. In this role, you'll be involved with product marketing strategy from beginning to end. You are a flexible, hardworking marketer with demonstrable interest and understanding for Google. One of the main priorities of the role is to be in charge of positioning, packaging, and promoting Google's Growth Engine initiative, Success Online. You will engage with several public and private partners with the aim to train people in digital skills. Success Online targets small businesses, students/job seekers and on-the job trainers. The program is a truly cross functional effort between marketing, PR and Policy.  You will also work closely with external stakeholders, such as program partners, city officials and agencies. The role involves some business travel especially within the Nordics. You will consistently work on improving all existing initiatives and be ready and willing to devise and pilot new, innovative ideas. Know the user. Know the magic. Connect the two. At its core, marketing at Google starts with technology and ends with the user, bringing both together in unconventional ways. Our job is to demonstrate how Google's products solve the world's problems--from the everyday to the epic, from the mundane to the monumental. And we approach marketing in a way that only Google can--changing the game, redefining the medium, making the user the priority, and ultimately, letting the technology speak for itself.
267	Google	Sales Specialist, Shopping	New York, NY, United States	description-section:  Responsibilities   Become an expert in Shopping for Google products and the ecosystem. Feed and campaign best practices, provided product roadmaps and provide expertise on third-party platforms. Manage Shopping business growth. Lead, drive and scale product launches (e.g. LIA, Showcase, POG, etc). Provide quarterly priority activations as set by Shopping sales leadership. Continuously educate customers and clients with products and best-practices.   Qualifications  Minimum qualifications: BA/BS degree or equivalent practical experience. 4 years of experience working in digital marketing/sales. Preferred qualifications: Understanding of industry metrics and KPIs, and features and benefits of Google Shopping products. Ability to provide thought leadership and effectively lead discussions at C-Level/Director Level. Ability to deliver insights/out of sights from data that creates business value and drive client action. Proficiency using shopping related tools and resources to manage Shopping activation. Effective communication, business planning, consulting skills and sales driven motivation. ;description-section text: Note: By applying to this position your application is automatically submitted to the following locations: New York, NY, USA; Chicago, IL, USA; Mountain View, CA, USA;description-section text with-benefits: Businesses that partner with Google come in all shapes, sizes and market caps, and no one Google advertising solution works for all. Your knowledge of online media combined with your communication skills and analytical abilities shapes how new and existing business grow. Using your influencing and relationship-building skills, you provide Google-caliber client service, research and market analysis. You anticipate how decisions are made, persistently explore and uncover the business needs of Google's key clients and understand how our range of product offerings can grow their business. Working with them, you set the vision and the strategy for how their advertising can reach thousands of users. As a Sales Specialist, you will manage Shopping account business growth by partnering with the pods and collaborating directly with clients to provide strategy, guidance, consultation, and support for Shopping campaigns, presentations and sales activation.Our Large Customer Sales teams partner closely with many of the world’s biggest advertisers and agencies to develop digital solutions that build strong businesses and brands. We enjoy a bird’s eye view on the massive transformation occurring as advertising shifts to mobile and online platforms. We're uniquely situated to help shape how companies grow their businesses in the digital age. We advise clients on Google's broad range of products across search, video and mobile to help them connect instantly and seamlessly with their audiences.
268	Nest	Manager - Nest Integration Engineering	Palo Alto, CA, United States	description-section:  Responsibilities   Become an expert in Shopping for Google products and the ecosystem. Feed and campaign best practices, provided product roadmaps and provide expertise on third-party platforms. Manage Shopping business growth. Lead, drive and scale product launches (e.g. LIA, Showcase, POG, etc). Provide quarterly priority activations as set by Shopping sales leadership. Continuously educate customers and clients with products and best-practices.   Qualifications  Minimum qualifications: BA/BS degree or equivalent practical experience. 4 years of experience working in digital marketing/sales. Preferred qualifications: Understanding of industry metrics and KPIs, and features and benefits of Google Shopping products. Ability to provide thought leadership and effectively lead discussions at C-Level/Director Level. Ability to deliver insights/out of sights from data that creates business value and drive client action. Proficiency using shopping related tools and resources to manage Shopping activation. Effective communication, business planning, consulting skills and sales driven motivation. ;description-section text: Note: By applying to this position your application is automatically submitted to the following locations: New York, NY, USA; Chicago, IL, USA; Mountain View, CA, USA;description-section text with-benefits:  Are you passionate about applying technologies that make an impact? At Nest you'll have the opportunity to shape the consumer electronics business, join a world class engineering team, and help revolutionize the next unloved device in our homes.  Nest’s Product Integration Engineering team is looking for a hands-on technical leader for our Product Integration Engineering team. The Product Integration Engineering (IE) team focus is on delivering robust customer-facing products and feature experience with best in class development practices.  The work:  Drive a team of engineers to qualify the integration of embedded software solutions onto development/production hardware architecture  Manage the development of a diverse and highly functional engineering team  Develop a scalable end-to-end test automation strategy across products, including sustainable physical and virtual infrastructure  Provide technical solutions to complex product development problems  Maintain a “data-driven” approach to critical product and technical platform decision s  Drive and support organization deliverables, including time to market and quality of product  Implement and define measurable approach to strategy and goal achievement  Provide guidance to platform stakeholders and leadership based on deep subject matter expertise  Set the initiatives for the engineering staff, and actively support the goals and objectives of the organization as a whole  Build and maintain strong cross-functional relationships platform and organization wide  Minimum qualifications:  Bachelor’s degree in Computer Science/Engineering or equivalent practical experience  5+ years of technical leadership experience  3+ years experience with a programming or scripting language (i.e. Python, C, C++)  2+ years experience with the Linux operating system and development platform  Able to thrive in a team oriented, fast paced work environment  Adept at effectively solving technical challenges in a complex environment  Excellent people and vendor management experience  Consumer electronic release and deployment experience  Preferred qualifications:  Master’s degree in Computer Science/Engineering or equivalent practical experience  Passion for quality, efficiency, productivity, and infrastructure  Experience with high quality distributed systems  Experience with wireless communication protocols such as WiFi and Bluetooth  Experience with sensors and supporting algorithms  Experience with full software development release cycle  Effective communication skills to thrive in highly collaborative work environment 
269	GoogleFiber	Operations Manager, Google Fiber	Louisville, KY, United States	description-section:  Responsibilities   Monitor network performance and lead troubleshooting efforts for entire network systems (end-to-end long haul route, complete metro transport, core routing elements). Coordinate outside plant moves/changes. Prepare and implement MOPs and update network documentation based on changes in network topology Manage local technical operations staff and Vendor performance for both inside and outside plant. Develop and document field operations standards, training, and best practices. Collaborate with central, regional, and local teams to identify and develop scalable network designs, innovations and policy recommendations to improve the network and its deployment. Program manage Operations schedule, costs, and performance. Lead new Plant testing and acceptance to ensure everything is ready to give our customers the best experience possible on their new Google Fiber service. Lead metro implementation of Last Mile and Customer Installation efforts to ensure rapid deployment of Google Fiber.   Qualifications  Minimum qualifications: Bachelor's degree or equivalent practical experience. 5 years of experience in a Network Operations, Engineering, Construction and/or Maintenance role. Experience managing telecommunication infrastructure, Fiber to the Home/Plant (FTTx) operations and/or outside plant (OSP) projects. Preferred qualifications: PMP or MBA with practical experience in telecommunications industry. Experience in managing complex, cross functional projects. Demonstrate ability to grow and mature network systems and operations. ;description-section text: Note: By applying to this position your application is automatically submitted to the following locations: New York, NY, USA; Chicago, IL, USA; Mountain View, CA, USA;description-section text with-benefits: The Operations Manager will ensure that network operations are reliable and efficient by monitoring network performance, performing planned maintenance, proactively identifying and repairing network difficulties, and responding to network connectivity issues. Google's complex network generates a constant stream of challenges which requires the Operations Manager to continually be innovative with an evolving set of technologies and processes. The Operations Manager will lead testing, acceptance, last mile and installation operations to bring Google Fiber to customers as quickly as possible. Additionally, the Operations Manager will perform critical tasks that maintain and improve network operations and will take the technical lead in ensuring a reliable and efficiently operating network. At Access, our mission is to create abundant internet on networks that are always fast and always open. Google Fiber provides superfast Internet to homes in 9 metro areas across the U.S. We want to bring Google Fiber to customers even faster, so we’re focused on making deployment more efficient and less intrusive.
270	Google	Technical Operations Manager, Corporate Engineering	Xinyi District, Taiwan	description-section:  Responsibilities   Inspire, grow, and develop talent, while providing vision and setting direction for the team. Lead effectively through outcomes rather than tasks. Collaborate with partner teams to achieve shared objectives, to provide strategic insight, and to lead continuous improvement efforts in customer service and operations. Drive results by tracking key operational metrics, identifying process improvement opportunities and delivering on strategic initiatives. Oversee the design and operation of various cloud-based services, systems and applications. Lead hiring and career development for a team of intelligent, ambitious professionals across a variety of technical disciplines.   Qualifications  Minimum qualifications: Bachelor's degree in Computer Science, or a related technical field, or equivalent practical experience. 5 years of technical experience as an individual contributor prior to management. Experience with Linux, OS X, Windows, networking, mobile, video conferencing and/or voice technologies. Preferred qualifications: 5 years of experience in managing a team of engineering and/or technical operations professionals responsible for critical systems and operations for a distributed organization. 5 years of experience in building and developing teams. Experience in hiring and developing suitably talented and motivated people. Experience in leading people through change while maintaining the ability to adjust to rapidly changing technology and to make decisions with limited information. Ability to prioritize and manage across multiple, often time-sensitive initiatives. Exceptional organizational, communication, leadership and customer service skills. ;description-section text: Note: By applying to this position your application is automatically submitted to the following locations: New York, NY, USA; Chicago, IL, USA; Mountain View, CA, USA;description-section text with-benefits: Technical support for a technology company is a big task. As the Operations Manager within the IT Support Technician team, your mission is to enable the people and technology that keep Google running. Your team provides the front line user support for all of our internal tools and technologies. Beyond the day-to-day, the team will contribute to longer-term technical projects, process improvement and the documentation efforts that help make the Google magic happen. As a Technical Operations Manager, you'll be an inspirational leader with experience in recruiting, developing and guiding a talented team of engineering and operations professionals. You'll also bring a passion for pushing the limits of technology, while also using that passion to encourage users, both large and small, to adopt cloud-based computing and mobile technologies. Additionally, you'll have a technical foundation and the flexibility, talent and aptitude to learn new technologies and to lead a variety of projects and teams across the organization.Google is and always will be an engineering company. We hire people with a broad set of technical skills who are ready to take on some of technology's greatest challenges and make an impact on millions, if not billions, of users. At Google, engineers not only revolutionize search, they routinely work on massive scalability and storage solutions, large-scale applications and entirely new platforms for developers around the world. From AdWords to Chrome, Android to YouTube, Social to Local, Google engineers are changing the world one technological achievement after another.
271	Google	Manager, Solutions Architecture, Google Cloud (Apigee)	Berlin, Germany	description-section:  Responsibilities   Become a credible and authentic technology leader, deliver the team's vision and technology to prospects, partners and customers in the region. Align the technical requirements and the solution design with the customer's business drivers and demonstrate our unique value. Hire, coach and drive a team to work towards assigned goals. Partner with the customer to develop a strong working relationship with the customer’s technical staff and be able to gain their trust and credibility through your deep technical knowledge and domain expertise. This, while working closely with geographically distributed Apigee and Customer project teams. Travel up to 50% of the time as required.   Qualifications  Minimum qualifications: BA/BS degree in Computer Science or a related technical field or equivalent practical experience. Experience in people management, coaching and growing a team of Technical Consultants. Preferred qualifications: Experience providing organizational and subject matter leadership on technical sales strategies. Ability to work across Product Marketing, Product Management, Engineering, Customer Success and Sales Management functions. Development experience using Google or other cloud products. Understanding of private, public and hybrid cloud design considerations and limitations in the areas of virtualization and global infrastructure, distributed systems, load balancing and networking and security. Ability to facilitate the development and communication of robust solutions to technical and business audiences. Excellent listening, critical thinking and analytical skills. ;description-section text: Note: By applying to this position your application is automatically submitted to the following locations: Paris, France; Berlin, Germany; Munich, Germany;description-section text with-benefits: Apigee Edge is an advanced API platform that enables enterprises to create, manage, secure and scale APIs. Using Apigee, enterprises can design and deploy API proxies in public and private clouds, secure data in transit with OAuth 2.0, SAML and two-way TLS, protect against traffic spikes by adding dynamic routing, caching and rate-limiting policies to APIs, and measure the success of both API operations and API business with end-to-end analytics.As part of an entrepreneurial team in this rapidly growing business, you will help businesses of all sizes leverage technology to connect with customers, employees and partners. As a Solutions Architect Manager, you will coach a team of Solution Architects who engage with prospects and customers on their journey with Apigee. We're building a team that understands and can assess a customer's requirements, prepare and present demonstrations of the Apigee platform and help customers build robust production ready solutions. You'll also directly engage with customers on a regular basis independent of your team to drive customer success.Google Cloud helps millions of employees and organizations empower their employees, serve their customers, and build what’s next for their business — all with technology built in the cloud. Our products are engineered for security, reliability and scalability, running the full stack from infrastructure to applications to devices and hardware. And our teams are dedicated to helping our customers — developers, small and large businesses, educational institutions and government agencies — see the benefits of our technology come to life.
272	Google	AdWords Campaign Solution Specialist, Google Professional Services	New York, NY, United States	description-section:  Responsibilities   Act as an expert for Google’s advertiser products working with internal stakeholders and clients to realize business goals in the market and to identify new business opportunities. Engage with cross-functional partners globally to manage projects, resolve issues and drive business and operations forward. Prioritize and deliver outstanding customer service through your own efforts and through working with vendors and internal partners to drive internal operations to meet efficiency, speed and CSAT goals. Understand requirements and communicate complex information and solutions relating to applying ad products and technologies. Lead and motivate others around you, being mindful of global inclusivity.   Qualifications  Minimum qualifications: BA/BS degree or equivalent practical experience. 4 years of work experience in operations, customer experience or consulting in a relevant industry. Experience managing multiple global projects simultaneously. Preferred qualifications: MBA or MS degree. 4 years of experience in digital ad operations or experience in the online advertising industry. Experience with the ad serving industry and internet technologies. Experience with SQL databases and dashboard creation or experience with one object-oriented programming language (e.g., Java, Python, etc.). Experience working with vendors and global teams. Proven communication, creative problem-solving and strong analytical skills on complex topics. ;description-section text: Note: By applying to this position your application is automatically submitted to the following locations: New York, NY, USA; Boulder, CO, USA;description-section text with-benefits: Google Technical Services: Professional Services (gPS) is a team of solution-oriented trusted advisors supporting millions of users worldwide. Our consultative services take our deep technical and product expertise and combine it with our powerful understanding of our customer’s needs and goals to solve their biggest business challenges allowing them to grow and get the most out of Google solutions. Behind every advertising campaign at Google are systems to make it run. Behind those systems are Googlers who advise and partner with our users and customers. As an Advertiser Solutions Consultant you will support vendors, sales, and our customers with your AdWords implementation and scaled operations expertise. Your stakeholders will look to your expertise on product configuration and business processes, combining your deep understanding of Google Ads products with industry best practices and operations.Google Technical Services is a global support and operations team, with a mission to delight our customers with care so good, it’s got to be Google. Our team is the face of Google to most of our customers, and we want their Google support experience to set new standards, just like Google’s products do. Our team cares for customers by solving problems and scaling solutions, incubating new Google products, and sharing user feedback with internal teams to influence product development. We support a wide variety of products, from Ads to Project Fi and just about everything in between, and our customers include advertisers, consumers, partners, publishers, retailers, and our own Sales Googlers.
273	Microsoft	Business development & strategy,MBA,Full-time	United States	Full-time MBA opportunities in Business development & strategy Applications to this opportunity are considered for all available Business development & strategy roles. Business development manager Business development managers identify key strategic initiatives to develop and successfully execute Go to Market strategies against top competitors. As part of this role you will drive capacity planning to ensure partner readiness to increase sales and market share. We are looking for a great individual, who can think out of the box with ideas, execute on messaging, design presentations to support to customer and partner communications and support the Enterprise Partner Team. Qualifications MBA degree (within six months of graduation from full-time studies). Experience in selling software solutions to large enterprises preferred. Skills required include: Excellent communication skills and strong writing and presentation skills. Strong desire and business acumen for consultative solution selling. Exceptional negotiation, customer service, and interpersonal skills. Passion for technology, both consumer and enterprise. Some understanding of cloud computing, Microsoft Office 365, or devices preferred. Microsoft is an equal opportunity employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, gender, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, religion, national origin, marital status, age, disability, veteran status, genetic information, or any other protected status. u18-000169
274	Microsoft	Business development & strategy,MBA,Internship	United States	MBA internship opportunities in Business development & strategy Applications to this opportunity are considered for all available Business development & strategy roles. Business development manager Business development managers identify key strategic initiatives to develop and successfully execute Go to Market strategies against top competitors. As part of this role you will drive capacity planning to ensure partner readiness to increase sales and market share. We are looking for a great individual, who can think out of the box with ideas, execute on messaging, design presentations to support to customer and partner communications and support the Enterprise Partner Team. Qualifications MBA degree (pursuing from full-time studies). Experience in selling software solutions to large enterprises preferred. Skills required include: Excellent communication skills and strong writing and presentation skills. Strong desire and business acumen for consultative solution selling. Exceptional negotiation, customer service, and interpersonal skills. Passion for technology, both consumer and enterprise. Some understanding of cloud computing, Microsoft Office 365, or devices preferred. Microsoft is an equal opportunity employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, gender, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, religion, national origin, marital status, age, disability, veteran status, genetic information, or any other protected status. u18-000170
275	Microsoft	Business development & strategy,MBA,Full-time	Canada	Full-time MBA opportunities in Business development & strategy Applications to this opportunity are considered for all available Business development & strategy roles. Business development manager Business development managers identify key strategic initiatives to develop and successfully execute Go to Market strategies against top competitors. As part of this role you will drive capacity planning to ensure partner readiness to increase sales and market share. We are looking for a great individual, who can think out of the box with ideas, execute on messaging, design presentations to support to customer and partner communications and support the Enterprise Partner Team. Qualifications MBA degree (within six months of graduation from full-time studies). Experience in selling software solutions to large enterprises preferred. Skills required include: Excellent communication skills and strong writing and presentation skills. Strong desire and business acumen for consultative solution selling. Exceptional negotiation, customer service, and interpersonal skills. Passion for technology, both consumer and enterprise. Some understanding of cloud computing, Microsoft Office 365, or devices preferred. Microsoft is an equal opportunity employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, gender, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, religion, national origin, marital status, age, disability, veteran status, genetic information, or any other protected status. u18-000120
276	Microsoft	Business development & strategy,MBA,Internship	Canada	MBA internship opportunities in Business development & strategy Applications to this opportunity are considered for all available Business development & strategy roles. Business development manager Business development managers identify key strategic initiatives to develop and successfully execute Go to Market strategies against top competitors. As part of this role you will drive capacity planning to ensure partner readiness to increase sales and market share. We are looking for a great individual, who can think out of the box with ideas, execute on messaging, design presentations to support to customer and partner communications and support the Enterprise Partner Team. Qualifications MBA degree (pursuing from full-time studies). Experience in selling software solutions to large enterprises preferred. Skills required include: Excellent communication skills and strong writing and presentation skills. Strong desire and business acumen for consultative solution selling. Exceptional negotiation, customer service, and interpersonal skills. Passion for technology, both consumer and enterprise. Some understanding of cloud computing, Microsoft Office 365, or devices preferred. Microsoft is an equal opportunity employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, gender, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, religion, national origin, marital status, age, disability, veteran status, genetic information, or any other protected status. u18-000121
